I really hope Cate is gonna win again this year... But Brie Larson amazing too
I am still so shocked that Jacob Tremblay wasn't nominated for best actor. He carried Room more than Brie Larson.
Brie Larson being such a supportive costar:)
I loved seeing how supporting Brie Larson is of her fellow actor.
I hope to love someone/something as much as Brie Larson loves Jacob Tremblay.
I need Brie Larson and Leo to win
we are entering hour 4 and brie larson still hasn't won.
ROOM WAS SO GOOD AND IF BRIE LARSON DOESNT WIN IM LEAVING EARTH
If Brie Larson doesn't win I'm gonna laugh my way 2 the moon
I just said "brie larson's boyfriend is hot!" and my friends laughed for 10 minutes
Brie Larson is the best you guys
I keep not recognizing Brie Larson tonight. So good acting?
BRIE LARSON ILY YOU GENTLE FLOWER
The Oscar for "girl I'd like to dig out in a nightclub bathroom" goes to Brie Larson. Congratulations Brie!
I feel like Brie Larson is the version of Jennifer Lawrence the lab made where they didn't program in excessive irony.
BRIE LARSON MUST BE PROTECTED AT ALL COSTS
Brie Larson is the young white actress we deserve. Not that other annoying white girl who isn't even there.
Final predictions: Director-Inarritu, Actor-Leo, Actress-Brie Larson, Picture-Bridge of Spies
Best Actress in a Leading Role;Who Should Win: Brie Larson;Who Will Win: Brie Larson
Did Brie Larson scoop up the women from Lady Gaga's performance?
Brie Larson was absolutely incredible in She blew me away. Want her to win so bad.
pls let Leo and brie Larson win PLS
Brie Larson is the coolest.
Oscars 2016 red carpet sees Jennifer Lawrence and Brie Larson take the plunge: It's the biggest night on the H...
Best Actress goes to Brie Larson
Aww, I love Saoirse Ronan. Wish she would win but we all know Brie Larson is going take it.
Brie Larson the favourite to win the Best Actress Award at the
No way Brie Larson doesn't win this award
Best actress please be Brie Larson
I know everyone waiting for Leo to grab his award, but Brie Larson hopefully -- deserves to -- win for
Brie Larson or it's wrong.
best actress in a leading role goes to brie larson for
Oh wow! Brie Larson! Congratulations you were amazing!!
Yay Brie Larson!!! (I still love that dress more than anything)
Actress in A Leading Roll- Brie Larson (Room).
Yay!!!!!!! She killed it RT Brie Larson in "Room" wins best actress
Brie Larson wins best actress for Room
SHE WON. BRIE LARSON WON. THANK YOU GOD
I watched "Room" two nights ago and it's phenomenal and Brie Larson deserves this and you need to watch it.
Brie Larson ... Yes yes yes yes and yesssssss
Yay Brie Larson! So glad she won the
The first time I'd heard of Brie Larson:
So glad Brie Larson won best actress!
brie larson - Room main actor won an oscar Not bad
Brie Larson really deserved this
The Oscar for best actress go to Brie Larson for Room!
I want Brie Larson to meet my parents
Is it bad that I have no idea who Brie Larson is at the moment?
Congrats Natalie Portman! I mean Keira knightley... I mean Brie Larson!
Was that music that just played Brie Larson to the stage actually from Because no one told me it was a Disney princess film.
I read the many years ago and never forgot about it. This past weekend I watched it. Brie Larson deserved that award 100%
Well deserved Brie Larson, now next better be Leo for world's sake.
Brie Larson. Best Actress (Lead role).
and brie larson won cause that movie was great
Brie Larson! An extremely difficult role to perform. Congrats! &lt;3
Yay yay YAY Brie Larson! Room was so SO GREAT
Yes! We got a shout-out from Brie Larson!!
Wait, Brie Larson and Brie Alison aren't the same people
Brie Larson seems like a really nice person. Like bake you a cake for your birthday even though she just met you a month ago kind of nice
Brie Larson wins for Room by lesbian writer Emma Donoghue who adapted her own book.
Brie Larson (or the love of my life)
So happy Brie Larson won. She's so cool.
So hype for Brie Larson!!! She did great in that movie
Brie Larson. So deserving. Saved this show.
Brie Larson's Oscar says Room, but I'm going to let her have one for 21 Jump Street, too.
Nice job, Brie Larson. MUCH better speech than ANYONE WHO WON FOR MAD MAX.
Brie Larson takes home Best Actress! Perfection!
Double Double for Brie Larson
Brie Larson is not my girlfriend in this awards ceremony :(
Brie Larson takes home the award for best actress!
BRIE LARSON IS SO WONDERFUL CONGRATS
Room is on my list of films I really want to see. Congrats Brie Larson and OMG look how happy Jacob Tremblay is!!
Awrd for Best Actress in a Lead role goes to Brie Larson
Congrats to Brie Larson! She 100% deserved it. Room was incredible.
Brie Larson managed to show 4 conflicting emotions at the same time through her acting in Room. A very well deserved win. Oscars2016
Brie Larson for Room or for Trainwreck?
Brie Larson wins best actress for her role in "Room."
The Oscar for best actress goes to Brie Larson
The for Actress in a Leading Role : Brie Larson
Ok, now everyone go watch Brie Larson in Short Term 12 but she is just as amazing in that -
An alternate universe where Eddie Redmayne and Brie Larson are married. ;;
New favorite cheese : Brie Larson
Brie Larson is dating the guy responsible for the theme song to The OC.
So happy for Brie Larson!!!
I loved seeing Brie Larson acting like she was surprised she was going to win!!!
If Brie Larson were anymore wholesome tonight she would be Good Friend cereal.
Suck it Cate Blanchet! Glad Brie Larson won.
Yay Brie Larson! United States of Tara is one of my fav shows of all time and it's so cool to see how far she's come.
I DON'T KNOW BRIE LARSON BUT I LOVE HER AND I AM PROUD OF HER
Kudos, Brie Larson. No really, I'm sending you Kudos bars via fanmail tomorrow. You deserve both kudos and Kudos. Well deserved.
Wow! No losers in that line up! Congrats to Brie Larson!
Shouts out Brie Larson and Tommy W. The room is dope. Also short term 12. Good work.
I predicted after Short Term 12 that Brie Larson would win an Oscar before 2018.
Wow, Brie Larson has come a long way since starring in that Disney channel original movie "Right on Track" with Lindsey Lohan
Woo Brie Larson shouting out
Brie Larson wins the Best Actress Oscar for 'Room'
Y'all. I love Jennifer Lawrence, but Brie Larson definitely worked hard for that Oscar and deserves it!
Brie Larson was on an episode of The League called "Ol' Smoke Crotch," so dream big, literally everyone who acts.
I knew Brie Larson would win but I'm so happy that there was so much support for Saoirse Ronan in the room.
I really liked Brie Larson and Room, but was hoping for a Saoirse Ronan win.
Brie Larson deserves this so much.
Brie Larson was amazing in Room. Such a great movie!
Proud proud proud of Brie Larson
I am very VERY happy that Brie Larson won. She was amazing in Room.
Can't believe Brie Larson didn't talk about her dress!!
I've loved Brie Larson ever since, Short Term 12...so good
CALIFORNIAAAAA RT Brie Larson's boyfriend is the lead singer of The Phantom Planet.
Lowkey love Brie Larson not only she was great in Room and Short Term 12 but also bc she's from Sacramento
Brie Larson's navy gown by far was the most elegant of the evening...take notes ladies!
Brie Larson thanked ME for her Oscar! I feel so special
I haven't seen Room yet but Brie Larson has been a favorite person of mine since forever truly deserved
Brie Larson was incredible in Room. Very well deserved. Can't wait to see what she does next!
Honestly so happy for Brie Larson!!
Brie Larsson was amazing as was Room but my heart wanted Saoirse Ronan to get it... Brooklyn was a beautiful movie..
I know everyone wants Jennifer Lawrence to win everything but BRIE FREAKIN LARSON
Anyways I am so proud of Brie Larson I feel like she's my friend?
2016: Brie Larson wins for actress in a leading role in ' Room'
I want to watch everything Brie Larson has ever been in.
Brie Larson is too pretty &amp; too talented to have this homecoming half up half down do w Jessica McClintock accessory
Academy-Award winner Brie Larson (I love her)
I forgot Brie Larson was in SCOTT PILGRIM!
I'm more impressed with Brie Larson every time she accepts an award. So calm, so generous, so grateful, so humble. Big fan.
BRIE LARSON, WHO IS AN ACADEMY AWARD WINNER, WON AN ACADEMY AWARD AT THE 88TH ACADEMY AWARDS
If I was best friends with anyone in Hollywood, I'd want it to be Brie Larson. (&amp; Jacob Tremblay) Glad she won!
Thumbs up to Brie larson on lead actress.
Brie Larson gets the nod for Best Actress in
Saw Room tonight and Brie Larson was outstanding. She deserves that Oscar, and more
Brie Larson wins for Best Actress at the in head-to-toe Gucci
Pretty sure Brie Larson would take down Trump and Hillary at this point.
nice shout out to during Brie Larson's acceptance speech for her leading role in "Room"
I HAVENT EVEN SEEN THE ROOM BUT IM SO HAPPY FOR BRIE LARSON
Brie Larson Wins Best Actress For Room
Go see Room, Brie Larson won her Oscar for a reason.
Brie Larson bags Best Actress for her performance in the movie 'Room' 2016#
Best Actress 'Brie Larson' for Room &amp; Best Director 'Alejandro G Inarritu' for The Revenant. Waiting for Best Actor
Congrats Brie Larson for that well deserved Oscar.
Brie Larson...she was spectacular in Room. Loved her since US of Tara. Congrats girl!
Computer tips at : New trending GIF tagged hug, oscars 2016, brie larson via Giphy
you go, Brie Larson!!!!! I hope that makes up for the Oscar you deserved for Short Term 12
Congratulations to Evan Brinkman's Trainwreck Mom, Brie Larson, for winning Best Actress for Room!!!!
Brie Larson just went from "who's that?" to 'household name'
BRIE LARSON WINS THE ACADEMY AWARDS FOR BEST ACTRESS!!!!!!!
The moment Brie Larson discovered she was an Oscar Award-winning actress!
Brie Larson went from starring in Hoot and Sleepover to winning an Oscar. She's an inspiration to us all
