Alicia Vikander looks like a real princess &lt;3
I'll never forget the first time we saw Alicia Vikander naked
Oscars fashion: Many of the red-carpet stars went soft: Alicia Vikander set the tone on the Oscars red carpet ...
Oscars 2016: Alicia Vikander dresses as Belle from 'Beauty and the Beast'
Actress in Supporting Role: I'm rooting for Alicia Vikander BUT Kate Winslet could take this idk this one was hard I really liked Steve Jobs
J.K. Simmons so hyped. He's gonna get to kiss Alicia Vikander on the cheek tonight.
EXCLUSIVE: Even Alicia Vikander Agrees Her Gorgeous Oscars Dress Looks Like Princess Belle: 'That Was ... -
Oscars 2016 red carpet sees nominees Brie Larson and Alicia Vikander lead the glamour: The stars, who are the ...
Alicia Vikander Keeps It Real with Her Post-Oscars Red Carpet Plans
KATCHING MY I: Brie Larson &amp; Alicia Vikander lead glamour on the Oscars red carpet
Alicia Vikander Gives the Disney Princess Dress a Cool Makeover at the Oscars: When Academy Aw...
I'd love to see Alicia Vikander or Jennifer Jason Leigh take this.
My prediction for Best Supporting Actress is Alicia Vikander from The Danish Girl.
Supporting actress should be Alicia Vikander. She had a great year.
if alicia vikander doesn't win....idk what i'll do
Alicia Vikander for Best Supporting Actress pleaseeee
honestly i'm so happy alicia vikander is getting recognition
Alicia Vikander will win for the wrong movie. She was way better in Ex Machina.
Alicia Vikander is simply gorgeous
alicia vikander winning this even though she was clearly a lead
Best actress in supporting role: Alicia Vikander
Love Rachel McAdams! But I think Alicia Vikander will get it
Best Supporting Actress: I think it should be Brie Larson but if Alicia Vikander got it then it's definitely deserved.;
Best Supporting Actress is...Alicia Vikander!!!!!!!! YES!
Alicia Vikander wins Best Supporting Actress for "The Danish Girl."
Alicia Vikander. the next big thing.
Alicia Vikander wins the supporting actress award. What do you think of that? Was she worthy?
Major girl crush on Alicia Vikander
Supporting Actress goes to Alicia Vikander
Alicia Vikander! Congrats! Such tough competition
;J K Simmons announces Best Supporting Actress Award- Alicia Vikander for The Danish Girl;;
Best Supporting Actress goes too......;ALICIA VIKANDER for The Danish Girl!!!
YES SO WELL DESERVED ALICIA VIKANDER.
Wasn't Alicia Vikander in like 204450349 films this year?
Alicia Vikander is one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen oh my
And the Oscar for goes to ... Alicia Vikander for
Why is Alicia Vikander so swarthy? She confuses me; I always think she's a redbone
Alicia Vikander just won for Ex Machina and nothing anyone says will convince me otherwise!!!
Alicia Vikander by far had My Favorite Performance of The Year n Also I Luv Her!!!
Actress In Supporting Role: Alicia Vikander ;;Excellent Actress.
Alicia Vikander is the true belle of the ball now
As much as I like Kate Winslet I'm very very happy for Alicia Vikander :)
Congrats to Alicia Vikander!!! Even to high she should have been nominated for Ex Machina
Supporting Actress 2016 Winner is Alicia Vikander from
Well deserved for Alicia Vikander!
(3e essai) I bet on Alicia Vikander, but my heart is with Kate Winslet (OF COURSE!)
I'm not mad at that Alicia Vikander was spectacular in The Danish Girl
Alicia Vikander with her first of many!!!
Are we all ok agreeing that Alicia Vikander's Best Supporting Actress award is REALLY for Ex Machina? AGREED.
Alicia Vikander would not have this award if it wasn't for Eddie Redmayne.
Alicia Vikander was good in The Danish Girl. Idk if she was the best in the category though
Alicia Vikander is so poised, lovely and talented I wish I could be her
Best supporting actress goes to Alicia Vikander
Alicia Vikander. I love you.
What a year eh Alicia Vikander
Congrats to for winning best supporting actress Alicia Vikander in a supportive role
I'm in love with Alicia Vikander
omg alicia vikander is so damn perfect
I like how J.K. Simmons didn't beat around the bush AT ALL.... "AndthewinnerisAliciaVikander"
Congrats Alicia Vikander!!!! You were my favorite! ;
Alicia Vikander headed to prom after this?
Alicia Vikander has been a true overnight success this year
Alicia Vikander was awesome! My 1st prediction
See, told ya. Congrats Alicia Vikander for winning the Best Supporting Actress.
The best Actress in Supporting Role is Alicia Vikander SHE DESERVES IT!
I wonder if Alicia Vikander tried the grey stuff and thought it was delicious
Alicia Vikander Wins For Best Supporting Actress.;;
Alicia Vikander - Women in a supporting actress (The Danish Girl) great interpretation!
Wow. Alicia Vikander is so pretty!
Hey, since nobody talks about it, Alicia Vikander was excellent in Testament Of Youth, too. Worth checking out.
2016: Alicia Vikander Wins Best Supporting Actress for
Alicia Vikander is a fantastic actor in every movie she's in and she deserves this. No complaints.
Alicia Vikander certainly sounds Danish.
Fun fact: Academy Award winner Alicia Vikander is besties with Tove Lo and Icona Pop!
Yay! Happy for Alicia Vikander. She did well in the Danish girl.
I guess I am going to have to find out who Alicia Vikander is.
She and her dress rule the world!!!%Aliciavikanfer
A close field of contenders for this year's BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS - Alicia Vikander has taken the statue.
Alicia Vikander might actually be a princess
Congratulations to the amazing Alicia Vikander!
Alicia Vikander is going to hyperventilate and faint up there. Breathe, babe!
And the goes to Alicia Vikander (reparto) THE DANISH GIRL.
alicia vikander is swedish. as i am. so i know that our kind does not tan naturally like that.
Alicia Vikander won for Ex Machina! (Let me live in this world. It's better).
Did Alicia Vikander's publicist tell her to black up to get more screen time?
What a wave! re: the danish girl director waving to alicia vikander
I called Alicia Vikander. If only she was nominated for the GOOD movie she was in (Ex Machina) instead of The Danish Girl.
Oh no! Kate didn't get her Oscar. Alicia Vikander however is also an exceptional actress - and that dress is beaut!
Didn't see Danish Girl, but I really like Alicia Vikander, so that's cool.
Alicia Vikander Best Supporting Actress "The Danish Girl"
Alicia Vikander! What is going on with Eddie Redmayne's face? He's about to burst.
I love Alicia Vikander! &lt;3 Glad she won. Jennifer Jason Leigh deserved it too in my opinion though :(
Question: How many Academy voters selected Alicia Vikander because they were slyly voting for her Ex-Machina performance?
Alicia Vikander is too cute.
A win from a great woman for an important film. Congratulations Alicia Vikander.
ALICIA VIKANDER!!! YOU ARE A WONDERFUL SWEDISH WOMAN!!
One wonders the levels of spectacular Alicia Vikander could have achieved had she starred opposite Tracy Morgan.
Tom Hooper has now directed 3 actors to Colin Firth, Anne Hathaway and Alicia Vikander. UGH
Greta Garbo and Ingrid Bergman would be so proud of Alicia Vikander!
Alicia Vikander is the whitest person in the room and still the most tan. How?
I have the worst crush on Alicia Vikander
Man, Alicia Vikander had a huge year in 2015. Multiple major films including Ex Machina and The Danish Girl. Now she has an for it.
YES! Alicia Vikander, dressed as belle and slaying the
Alicia Vikander should have hidden her android innards a little bit better than that...
Congratulations on your retirement, Alicia Vikander.
Alicia Vikander wins for best supporting actress for The Danish Girl :)
Congratulations Alicia Vikander and for Best Supporting Actress!
on KAMC. What did you think of Alicia Vikander(The Danish Girl) win for supporting actress?
Alicia Vikander is STUNNING. I think she is the cutest. So glad she won!
Alicia Vikander had her thankings rolling in the script, but she still spent all her time reading them xD
Alicia Vikander, just another Swede who doesnt sound Swedish.
Alicia Vikander is lovely. I'm glad she won.
I knew Alicia Vikander would be great after Ex Machina! Congrats!
mashable: Alicia Vikander looks like a Disney dream at the Oscars
Alicia Vikander has been killing it this past year.
Alicia Vikander was flawless in The Danish Girl. Well deserved!
Alicia Vikander deserved that so much, she's amazing
Alicia Vikander totally deserves this award!! She gave a breath taking performance! CONGRATS!!!
casually crying because Alicia Vikander deserves everything great in this world i love her so much
Really hoped Jennifer Jason Leigh/Hateful Eight won but The Danish Girl was a wonderful film and Alicia Vikander killed that role
Yes Alicia Vikander! Well deserved
Wasn't Alicia Vikander in a vetter movie this year? She should have won for Ex Machina.
Thankfully Alicia Vikander won , by far the best out of the nominees.
Now Alicia Vikander has won I can sleep
Well done, Alicia Vikander. She was the absolute best thing about that movie.;
Alicia Vikander is Swedish, so we'd have to ban Scandinavians as well.
