France President closes borders and declares state of emergency after Paris terror attacks

We need to close our borders now Paris today London tomorrow
Cue the 'close our border' tweets
Hollande says he will declare a state of emergency across France. All borders are to be closed.
President Hollande speaking has decreed state of emergency. Travel may be banned. Borders are closed.
Wow, France closing its borders. Crazy.
France closing its borders according to Pres. Francois Hollande.
State of emergency to be declared; borders to be closed: French President Francois Hollande.
Hollande says that all borders will be closed immediately after attacks.
French Prez just said he has closed the border
France has closed its borders.
- Emergency actions will be taken. Borders closed.
Present Holland says State of emergency will called and applied to all of French territory and we will close borders.
France closing the borders. Yes! Get them!!!
France is closing the borders!? Wow!
Hollande just announced state of emergency across all France, closure of all borders
President Hollande says he will close borders.
President Hollande announces a state of emergency throughout France, &amp; closing of all borders
France closed their borders following the terror attacks
France is closing it's borders. Wow!
French President Francois Hollande has declared a state of emergency in France and have closed their borders re: attacks.
Oh dear. SAYS CLOSING FRENCH BORDERS
State of emergency in France declared by F. Hollande. Borders closed. A terrible tragedy to close a year that began in such horror in Fra
closes its borders in wake of attacks
France closing borders after Paris attacks kill dozens- president Hollande. State of emergency declared
France to close borders - reports
France has just closed its borders to stop terrorists from fleeing country
Was this the whole plan of the attacks? RT France is closing borders
Hollande is closing the French borders entirely
State of emergency. France is closing her borders.
Pres. Hollande: Closing France's borders in light of "unprecedented attacks."
BREAKING: French president closing the country's border in order to capture those responsible for attacks.
French government debating to close borders to France.
President Hollande declaring state of emergency and closing of French borders.
Hollande closing French borders. We have a saying about closing the barn door after the cows get out ...
Hollande announcing heavy security force mobilization to prevent further stacks. Declaring state of emergency, closing borders.
France just closed all its borders. Holy. Crap.
After the the French President has closed the borders. Little late for that, isn't it?
200 Soldiers have been deployed on to the streets, French borders are now closed.
French president just said French borders will be closed,
State of emergency declared in France and borders will be closed.
Hollande closes French borders- too little, too late.
Omg they're closing the borders
Retweeted BBC Breaking News ( declares state of emergency and closes its borders after...
closing it's borders ! Big move.
Wow, France is now closed. President just closed their borders.
Wow. French borders closed. State of Emergency for whole of France.
Hollande has declared a nationwide state of emergency, all borders are now closed. Calls attacks unprecedented.
Free travel in Europe may well be s thing of the past. Borders are surely going to be closed after this.
French president Francois Hollande is speaking now, announcing that borders have been closed. At least 18 are dead.
Breaking: In the wake of the Paris attacks President Hollande declares a state of emergency, borders closed
Hollande closes the borders of France. State of emergency declared.
Prayers for those in Paris. So sad and terrifying. They've closed their borders.
Breaking: SkyNews Reporting three sites in Hollande: France closing borders effective immediately.
Hmm. France has just closed their borders. Novel idea.
Borders are closed in France to ensure terrorists won't escape
French president says he will declare state of emergency and close borders
French President has declared state of emergency and has closed the borders. via
Go watch msnbc, CNN or Fox News. As is, Paris shelter-in-place and French borders are closed.
Hollande: I'm closing the borders to catch the perpetrators. Have faith in police. Longlive France!
France has closed their borders
The borders are closed. It was to be expected... find them.. arrest them... please...
Woah, closing borders in the Schengen Zone is a BFD.
Borders are CLOSED in Paris. Stay in your home.
BREAKING French officials announced they have closed their country borders. They are on terror alert and active
Hollande: French borders to be closed.;
Borders closed and Army deployments;;omgggg;;
Good decision by Hollande to close the borders.
I'm sorry but it's time to close ALL borders
FLASH: French president declares national State-of-Emergency, closes borders
. has declared a national state of emergency, closing all French borders, calling attacks "unprecedented"
president Instates state of emergency in Curfew in and closing of France's borders.
BREAKING: Hollande decides state of emergency for all of France, borders closed:
The French borders are closed and residents are advised to stay inside.
Army on the streets, borders closed, this is the darkest hour Europe has seen in years. Politics aside, we all know WHY it's happened.
Gee. France is closing their borders. What a novel idea.
Why wait for the dust to settle. Borders closed. Anti going to love this.
France is going into lockdown- the borders are being closed following the 3 incidents in Paris at the and
Pres Hollande has just announced that French borders has been closed and military deployed
Oh my god they've closed the French borders my sister is stranded there
Hollande speech suggests the situation is still fluid and there are things going on we're not told. why close borders?
PARIS IS IN MY PRAYERS. AT LEAST 35 DEAD IN SHOOTINGS AND SUICIDE BOMBINGS. POSSIBLY 100 HOSTAGES. STATE OF EMERGENCY, FRENCH BORDERS CLOSED
France has closed its borders? Surely that is against EU rules! There will be trouble over this...
France's borders r closed. Citizens asked not to stay off the streets. 30 hostages reported escaped from theater.
French president to close borders in light of terror attacks in Paris today
President Hollande declares state of emergency in france, close border after multiple attack in paris...
France have closed the borders? Bit late for that me thinks. The euros are going to be an experience
Closing borders in 2015 is an absolute madness
France: State of emergency. Borders closing. Some roads closing. Police asking people in Paris to stay indoors. (see RTs for sources)
Hollande says he is closing French borders
France are incapable of closing their borders, seen that in recent months
France closes all its borders via
Too little, too late? France closes borders like slamming a stable door. Governments must protect their citizens, and France was caught out.
declares national and closed its borders after at least 40 people were in multiple in
Declares "State of Emergency." Several hundred military being deployed. France closed its borders
Trump is right ~ we need to close our borders NOW.
French borders are closed. Nobody in, nobody out.
LIVE;A state of emergency has been declared in France, and the borders have been closed;;;
Bit late for closing the borders....
FRENCH PRESIDENT SAYS HE WILL CLOSE BORDERS...
France just closed its borders.
French president declares state of emergency, closes borders
How do you close national borders within a zone like EU?
NBC: French Pres. Francois Hollande says he's closing country's borders, declaring a state of emergency
First time France closes borders since WW2.
State of emergency declared all over France (highest level : Red Alpha ) borders are closed
President Hollande declares state of emergency, closure of the France's borders
France should have closed borders decades ago
At least 60 people killed in Borders closed
Everyone needs to close their borders. Not just France.
PresHollande declares state of emergency across closes borders multiple attacks in Paris via
France closed the doors to their borders. Shows me they know that bringing in refugees was a bad idea. Really sad situation
If we don't close our borders like the Australians we are bloody stupid
so far;;- state of emergency called;- closed borders;- some attacks were suicide bombings;- metro lines closed;- multiple attacks w 50+ dead
French President Declares State Of Emergency, Closes Borders, Reinforces Army
President Francois Hollande has declared a state of emergency and closed France's borders.
We should have all been closing our borders from intrusion of hate mongering people years ago.
I just heard that finance because of the terror attacks are closing their borders to immigrants. We in America should do the same.
France is declaring a state of emergency and closing its borders amid Paris attacks:
RT: :DETAILS: France closing borders, enforcing a curfew
BREAKING: Right now scores dead in Paris, France terrorist attack. France now closing borders.
State of emergency in Paris, closes borders 60 killed in multiple attacks as 100 hostages.
Close the United States Borders! Now! Period ;
Closing the borders seems to be psychological morphine. ;;"They aren't french.";;Doubtful.
France is under curfew for the first time since 1944. All borders are closed coming and going from the country. Scary stuff.
Our thoughts &amp; prayers go out to our French Friends! Close the damn borders! No refugees!
Time to close our borders and be a little more aware so it doesn't happen
"France declares state of emergency over Paris terror attacks; Closes borders"
Retweeted NBC Nightly News ( Dozens killed in Paris, French pres. closes borders and...
France's borders closed, state of emergency declared.
Daily_Press: President Francois Hollande says he is closing France's borders, declares state of emergency
Well done Hollande Close the borders
France takes unprecedented step to close borders in response to Paris attacks
When was the last time the UK closed her borders? Does anyone know? ?
a state of emergency, the first to happen since 1955 &amp; the borders closed, the first since WWII.. this is heartbreaking.
France has closed its borders after several terrorist attacks today. Just crazy
Wake up , this will become more common place , close borders now .
They had to close borders
France calls state of emergency, closing borders after attacks
. will declare state of emergency and close borders.
Now closes its borders?? Isn't it a little late for that now?
Paris under attack. Explosions and shooting throughout. Borders closed. Concert goers being summarily shot....
France is now saying the first responders are in the concert hall and causing explosions. They have also closed the borders.
State of Emergency. Closing Borders.;;
Paris closed all their borders, but the most powerful nation in the world can't? BS!
To all of you saying "close the borders" - don't you think the people who attacked France MIGHT be who the refugees are running from...?
Close borders,close mosques and deport the migrants. We have been telling you for years get some balls!
wow french borders have not been closed since world war II, and a state of emergency not been declared since 1955
Omg. France closed its borders. Praying for everyone there. So devastating
The President has closed the borders amid...
Oh my god they're closing borders
