Paris Attack: Shootout And Explosion Reported In The French Capital, 'Several Dead'
Explosions, Shooting in Paris Restaurant leaves 18 dead hostages taken France Germany
Crazy situation in Paris. 26 reported dead in theater hostage situation.
Coordinated terrorist attacks happening in Paris NOW, Least 18 dead. Hostages being held. Praying 4 everyone there.
Several reportedly dead after Paris shootings and explosions; connection unknown
30 dead in Paris.. What is happening
any doubt of Islamic? AT LEAST 18 DEAD IN ATTACKS IN PARIS AND 60 HOSTAGES REPORTED TAKEN AT CONCERT HALL |
Globe and Mail: At least 26 dead after restaurant shootouts, explosions in Paris
At least 26 dead in attacks in central Paris via
At Least 18 Dead in Multiple Violent Incidents in Paris via
Paris news outlets reporting at least 26 dead amid shootings and explosion at three sites. Prayers for Paris.
Paris shootings: Several dead after gunman opens fire, explosion at Stade de France
Attacks at three locations throughout central Paris leave "many dead, many wounded":
At least 26 dead after explosion, shooting reported in Paris - NY Daily News
Update - AP: French police say at least 11 people are dead after a series of violent incidents in and around Paris
Deadly Attacks Reported in Paris; At Least 18 Killed, Hostages Taken
Awful news from Paris - 11 dead at restaurant and more dead in a concert hall, where people are being held hostage. Thinking of you.
- After reports of shootings, explosions, hostage situation, there are at least 26 people dead in Paris
At least 30 dead after Paris shooting attacks, from
" UPDATE: Source: 100 hostages in theatre up to 35-40 dead in Paris attacks Thoughts / prayers for Paris
Sad situation unfolding in Paris.. Now French police say at least 35 ppl are dead
FOR CAMILA IS MORE IMPORTANT TWEET ABOUT "IKWYDLS" THAN 40 PEOPLE DEAD IN PARIS.;I AM MAD AT HER
Multiple attacks in Paris, at least 18 dead: police
I'm so sad. At least 35 people are dead, there are explosions, shootings, hostages.. What is happening in Paris..
Deadly Shooting, Explosion Reported In Paris
Police: At Least 26 Dead in Paris, Hostage-Taking in Theater: About 15 killed in the Bataclan theater, where h...
At least 26 dead in shootouts and explosions in Paris, officials say
Homeland security says no additional threats here in U.S. after 3 diff attacks in Paris &amp; at least 35 dead there.
Paris under attack: At least 26 dead, 60 held hostage via
26 dead in violence around Paris, hostage crisis in theater
Multiple attacks in Paris - 35 people feared dead, 100 taken hostage - Irish Independent
MT Update - AP: French police say around 100 hostages have been taken at Bataclan concert hall in Paris and 35 people dead
"Scene of Deadly Attacks in Paris" by Unknown Author via NYT The New York Times
At least 35 reported dead, 100 hostages taken in Paris attacks | Fox News
UPDATE Reports 18 people dead, possible hostage situation after shooting &amp; explosion in Paris. via NBC News
Several Dead After Explosions and Shootings in Paris - There have been at least three explosions and two shooti...
40 Dead in Paris Attacks, 100 Hostages Taken at Bataclan France
WTF happening in Paris? 40 people dead???
At least 30 dead in Paris shootings, hostages taken in theatre: French media via EconomicTimes
Terrible scenes inside a Paris theater. 100 hostages reportedly taken and 35 already dead.
Shootings and blasts kill 18 in Paris: At least 18 people are killed in several deadly shootings in Paris, as ...
AP reports 35 dead in Paris attacks.;;
At least 46 dead in attacks in Paris; 100 taken hostage via
At least 35 dead after shooting, explosions, hostage-taking in Paris
At least 35 dead in multiple violent incidents in Paris: AP via
Dozens of Hostages Taken Amid Deadly Violence in Paris
Explosions, Shooting in Paris Restaurant leaves 18 dead hostages taken France Germany
CNN: At least 60 now confirmed dead in Paris attacks
CNN reporting that 60 people have been reported dead in Paris.
AP source: 100 hostages, 35-40 dead in Paris attacks: A Paris police official said there were at least 100 hos...
Paris attack: At least 35 dead, 100 hostages taken after explosions near stadium, gunfire in...
France is on "multiple terror attack" mode. More than 60 reportedly dead in Paris
Police: At least 26 dead in Paris, hostage-taking in theater - via another attack at mall
. is reporting at least 60 people are dead in multiple Paris attacks, while is reporting another shooting at a shopping mall
Paris attacks: At least 30 dead, French media reports; hostages taken at concert hall
BREAKING: NYPD on heightened alert after multiple attacks in Paris left dozens of people dead this evening.
French police: 26 dead in Paris attacks
Rapper Mp3pc TheBasementStatement Breaking News: 18 Dead In Paris Terror Attack! [Video]
At least 35 dead in attacks around Paris ;This is atrocious and unacceptable
Explosions And Deadly Shootings Reported In Paris
"Scene of Deadly Attacks in Paris" by Unknown Author via NYT The New York Times
Police Official: Around 100 Hostages Taken at Paris Theater; 35 Dead: Police official: Around 100 hosta...
At least 35 reported dead, 100 hostages taken in Paris attacks | Oh God ... prayers needed now
Explosions, Shooting in Paris Restaurant leaves 18 dead hostages taken France Germany
Damn Paris. 60 dead though? Hostage situation? Wow...
Several Dead After Explosions and Shootings in Paris - News
Reuters: 'Europe 1' radio reports shooting at central Les Halles in Paris and 35 dead :(
Police: At Least 35 Dead In Paris Attacks; Hostages Taken -
The Latest: Source: 100 Hostages 35-40 Dead in Paris Attacks: The Latest: Source: 10...
Multiple attacks in Paris, at least 18 dead: police
At least 40 reported dead in Paris after shootings and explosions rock city
60 people dead from the terrible events going on in Paris right now, why do we live in such disgusting world
60 dead in Paris. Please pray
At least 60 dead in Paris terrorist attacks, over 100 hostages. Speechless.
NOW: Pres. Obama to address deadly Paris attacks; watch Special Report on
Paris police report at least 35-40 people are dead in attacks.
Several Dead After Explosions and Shootings in Paris
Shooting in central Paris leaves several dead
35 dead in paris... time for war yet? i think so.
Late Update :At least 75 dead in multiple attacks and 100 hostage taking in Paris ~ Pratica Radio Ma
French Police: Multiple Dead In Violent Attacks Across Paris, Hostages Taken: Multiple people were killed in a...
Source: 100 Hostages, 35-40 Dead in Paris Attacks - WIFR News
Hearing that at least 60 are dead in the Paris attacks. My heart is heavy.
number of dead in Paris is rising please stay inside stay safe
Paris under attack: Dozens dead, at least 100 held hostage
As many as 60 people are reported dead in a series of coordinated attacks in Paris.
French media reporting 60 dead in 4 separate attacks in Paris.
Police: At Least 26 Dead in Paris, Hostage-Taking in Theater: Reports say at least 100 hostages were taken.
60 dead already " What's the deal about this Paris situation?
At least 35 people are dead after shootings in Paris, others taken hostage
100 hostages and 60 dead people ;Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris!;
Paris attacks: Dozens dead and hostages held at Bataclan
LIVE: Major Coordinated Attack Across Paris, Hostages Taken, Police Confirm At Least 60 Dead
Paris terror attacks: 60 people feared dead, 100 taken hostage
Automatic gunfire, explosions rock Paris; aleast 26 reported dead, dozens wounded
Obama Calls Deadly Paris Attacks 'Heartbreaking'
At least 46 dead in attacks in Paris; 100 taken hostage via 10
40 Dead in Paris Attacks, 100 Hostages Taken at Bataclan France
Police: At least 26 dead in violence around Paris
LIVE: Paris under attack, hostage situation, dozens dead in gunfire, blasts via
100 hostages 35-40 dead in Paris attacks
Already more confirmed dead in paris than died in 7/7 and only gonna rise. Shocking scenes over there
Muslim Terror Attack In Paris France Leaves 18 Dead, Dozen Of Hostages
Paris under attack: Dozens dead, at least 100 held hostage -
The Independent:;Paris 'shooting' live: 'At least 60 dead' after two separate shootings in French capital
Terrorist attack in France, at least 35 people confirmed dead ;100 being held hostage in Paris concert hall. -Jenny
Paris, 46 now confirmed dead - &amp; shootings also reported at Les Halles shopping mall. Bombers other than 2 dead are still at large.
via French Authorities Say Dozens Dead In Paris Attacks
Paris attacks leave dozens dead
PARIS HEBDO, HOAX? - Paris Terror Attacks Leave 60 Dead, 100 Hostages via
Dozens Dead in Explosions and Shootings in Paris, Source Says - ABC News -...
Dozens Dead in Explosions and Shootings in Paris - News
French Authorities Say Dozens Dead In Paris Attacks
Police: At least 35 dead in Paris attacks; hostages taken
PARIS IS IN MY PRAYERS. AT LEAST 35 DEAD IN SHOOTINGS AND SUICIDE BOMBINGS. POSSIBLY 100 HOSTAGES. STATE OF EMERGENCY, FRENCH BORDERS CLOSED
Paris attacks: Dozens dead and hostages held at Bataclan -
At least 35 reported dead, 100 hostages taken in Paris attacks via the Android app
