Breaking: Cuban state-run television announces Fidel Castro died at 7pm local time today. He was 90 years old.
Fidel Castro died I've heard his name once in my life
Fidel Castro has died aged 90
Honestly thought Fidel Castro died like three years ago.
oh fidel castro died;;i totally didn't think he was already dead ahaha you're all stupid if you think that haha
Former Cuban PM and President Fidel Castro's struggle has ended.
So the Cubs won and Fidel Castro is dead.....you sucked 2016....but you delivered.
IS FIDEL CASTRO ACTUALLY DEAD THIS IS UNREAL
Fidel Castro couldn't take this ASU defense.
Fidel Castro has died. RIP.....
fidel castro, lived for a long time.
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90
Former Cuban dictator Fidel Castro is dead at the age of 90.
Fidel Castro just died, can't wait to see the 12 year old virgins on FT tweet his propaganda
oh hey, Fidel Castro died this year too
Fidel Castro is finally dead
Can't believe Fidel Castro ruled over Cuba for such a long time! Power never leaves people's hands easily
Long-time Cuban leader Fidel Castro dies at age 90, state TV announces
Damn I thought Fidel Castro BEEN perished
So apparently Fidel Castro died... if he was watching this game I blame the Turnovers.
Cuba's former leader Fidel Castro has died aged 90, state TV announces
Looks like Fidel Castro has died, WOW. One of the key figures in the Cuban Missile Crisis
Fidel Castro dead at 90: Cuban TV. 90. After all that. Definite historical phenomenon
Fidel Castro has died. Make America great again.
lonard cohen, fidel castro and prince all die in the same week. Can 2016 just end already!
And just like that, Fidel Castro dies.
Fidel Castro dead at 90. RIP
Fidel Castro's death is the end of en era.
2016 so savage, even Fidel Castro couldnt survive it.
All of you Tweeting that Fidel Castro is dead, why are you even linking to an article? In 2016 I believe you just as much either way.
. is on while we learn Fidel Castro has died.
This just in....Cuban Dictator Fidel Castro has died.
Fidel Castro died? Now Dale Gribble aka can relax.
I cannot believe Fidel Castro is dead
BOUT TIME FIDEL CASTRO DIED
With Fidel Castro's death, another tyrant has left the Earth. That's a good thing for humanity.
Just heard on that radio by the that Fidel Castro died. He was 90 years old.
Colin Kaepernick called a hypocrite by Miami columnist for defending Fidel Castro
rip fidel castro now you have to name your cats something else
lets be honest everyone thought fidel castro was already dead
Fidel Castro jokes should be good.
I have seen From A source That Fidel Castro has finally died ......is this true?
Cuba's Fidel Castro, former president, dies aged 90
According to several sources, Fidel Castro died today. BIG IF TRUE! End of an era.
I had total Mandela Effect for Fidel Castro. Like, I was talking about his being dead just last night.
I just herd that Fidel Castro just died. It's about dang time.
Cuba's former leader Fidel Castro has died aged 90, state TV announces
he hated the u.s., but even fidel castro didn't want to stick around to see how this trump thing was gonna play out.
Fidel Castro was a great man
My generation learned to hate Fidel Castro.
Cuban TV is reporting Fidel Castro has died at the age of 90. No cause of death given at this time.
Fidel Castro, former leader of dies at 90: Cuban State TV;
fidel castro of cuba is dead.
FORMER PRESIDENT OF CUBA FIDEL CASTRO HAS DIED
Bye bye Mr Fidel Castro. Very remarkable political icon of 20th Century.
I bet all the people tweeting RIP Fidel Castro right now couldn't nam 5 of his songs.
My grandma grew up in Cuba as Fidel Castro was coming to power and I'm at her house rn...this will be interesting
The Cuban's media has announced that Fidel Castro is dead at the age of 90
If you can't handle me at my Fulgencio Batista, you don't deserve me at my Fidel Castro
RIP Fidel Castro at 90, the revolutionary leader of Cuba;
Fidel Castro Dies at 90, Cuban State TV Announces via
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90
You Will Always Be Remembered For The Mark You Have Left In This World, Rest In Peace Fidel Castro
Fidel Castro dying is like the first W for 2016
How long until Donald Trump takes credit for killing Fidel Castro?
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced the death of his brother Fidel Castro on Cuban state media.
Fidel Castro is dead.. He was 90.. Another historical figure of our time
Innalilahi;Alfatihah QT Long-time Cuban leader Fidel Castro dies at age 90, state TV announces
Florence Henderson and Fidel Castro are two-thirds of the weirdest death trio ever.
Fidel Castro dead at age 90
I personally never seen Fidel Castro to be a bad guy, but rather a person who would not surrender to Americans telling him what to do.
Fidel Castro died has died... on our way to Versailles for croquetas and celebration.
Great Hero of Communism Fidel Castro is no more. R.I.P
If you had asked me 5 minutes ago when did Fidel Castro die I would have guessed between 1998-2002 I won't lie on here to my friends
Damn Fidel Castro is officially dead woow
Fidel Castro has died. I would say RIP but he doesn't deserve that.
So Fidel Castro just died and now I'm seeing Commies popping up everywhere lol
Fidel Castro died. The only one who confronted imperialism.;
I know his memory will live on, revolution will live on, but this is such a hard blow. Que decanses en paraiso Comandante Fidel Castro
i miss fidel castro already.
anti-American wore a Fidel Castro shirt at a press conference, now Castro is f'ing dead. Get with the program, take a "colon"
JUST NOW : Fidel Castro was a Cuban politician and revolutionary
I don't wish any person dead, but Fidel Castro's obituary is one I've looked forward to for a long time
Colin Kaepernick called a hypocrite by Miami columnist for defending Fidel Castro
Sees Colin Kaepernick trending because Fidel Castro died. Still hopes for 25-30 points for his fantasy team this week.
Fidel Castro died.;I wonder who is going to tell since he was defending him.;
Fidel Castro dead at 90. What's next?
Oh my dear Fidel Castro gone...
Fidel Castro just died;;here's a picture
Nah man I thought Fidel Castro would live forever.
I wonder how the new administration feels about the death of Fidel Castro?
Fidel Castro died. Rest In Peace.
Fidel Castro dead? Im pretty sure no one Will care by tomorrow
Fidel Castro Dies at age 90 -
The last voice of developing world's socialism 'Fidel Castro' died. 'Fidel you died but you alive in ideas'. Man can dies but not idea.
Fidel Castro is dead. You can take the socks off now, Kaepernick.
Fidel Castro: A thorn in the side of the US
BREAKING: Cuban TV announces the death of long-time leader, Fidel Castro, at age 90, reports
Fidel Castro is actually dead wtf
End of an era Fidel Castro has died breaking news!
So Fidel Castro is dead, his age mate Mugabe, 92, is breathing and RULING !
When I took world history last year and heard about Fidel Castro, I thought he was already dead
Fidel Castro muere.. A be back
Fidel Castro is dead... holy crap. Lots of change in the world in 2016.. wow
Fidel Castro living just long enough to see the US and Cuba renew relations and then dying after Trump's election is an all-time great move.
FIDEL CASTRO JUST /FINALLY/ DIED JFC.;;SO 2016 WAS GOOD FOR SOMETHING.
I learned of Fidel Castro's well deserved death from name. Take THAT CNN!
Fidel Castro, the baseball playing revolutionary leader is dead. Great clip of him playing village baseball in 1968.;
Does go to Fidel Castro funeral and does he take ?
Fidel Castro Cause of Death: How did the Cuban President Die?
Fidel Castro is DEAD! Finally that no good excuse for a human is finally DEAD!
Fidel Castro is dead. Wow.
Fidel Castro finally died. Lucifer is dancing a jig
ABC Fidel Castro Has Died at Age 90, Brother Says
Can't believe Fidel Castro died!!! Hopefully he makes a full recovery
Breaking: Cuban state-run television announces Fidel Castro died at 7pm local time today. He was 90 years old.
Fidel Castro was a hero to some and a villain to millions more. True change for Cuba has a long way to go. Sadly it still depends on Regime.
Ironic that I was looking at JFK books when I was informed that Fidel Castro died
RIP Fidel Castro and Carol Brady!!
The media has spent billions trying to get me to hate Fidel Castro ever since I've been alive. He was loved by his people for decades.
RIP Fidel Castro, winner of the Cold War
Fidel Castro has died. Click link for more info:
Colin Kaepernick engaged in a "heated" discussion about Fidel Castro with a reporter in Florida last week.
Holy cow;;Fidel Castro is dead;;Another remnant of an outdated communist regime is gone;;This is a huge step for the Free World
Even Fidel Castro didn't want to live in a world where is President
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced the death of his brother Fidel Castro on Cuban state media.
Y'all my coworker and I were literally talking about Fidel Castro hours before it was announced that he died and I think we jinxed him
The takes about Kaepernick's latest comments were so hot that they killed Fidel Castro. Focused hot takes can do anything.
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro has died, state media report. He was 90.
Former Cuban president Fidel has died aged 90, according to his brother and current Cuban president, Raul Castro,
Fidel Castro is dead. I'm wonder if will attend the funeral.
at least one good thing came from 2016, RIP Fidel Castro
Even Fidel Castro couldn't take a Trump presidency.
was starting to think that Fidel Castro was immortal
Breaking: Fidel Castro has died. Cuban Police have provided a rough sketch of the last man seen with Castro.
Fidel Castro died today at the age of 90. Holy crap.
Not even Fidel Castro could survive 2016
Qwhite interesting looking @ the people who are sad about Fidel Castro's death.
Fidel Castro, dead at 90 years old:
BREAKING: Former Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has died at 90.
Pope Francis Meets With Fidel Castro
Live shot of hearing about Fidel Castro's death
Report: Fidel Castro Dies at Age 90
The goat Fidel Castro couldn't even survive 2016.
The Cuban ppl have lost an iconic ldr but the core of the revolution is embedded in their very being. RIP Fidel Castro.
Fidel Castro;Capitalism is using its money; we socialists throw it away.
im happy Fidel Castro died tho
Heard the news on former dictator of cuba fidel castro has died.It's best to keep it to myself rather to comment in public
"Fidel Castro" 's teaching will be with us always;RIP champion
A Husband Divorced His Wife After Looking Closer At This Picture;Fidel Castro ;
After the Bay of Pigs, the CIA was still trying to get the Mafia to help kill Fidel Castro.
I merked zombies with that man. RIP Fidel Castro.
Usually I say Rest In Peace when people die, but you, I'm glad you're gone. Goodbye Fidel Castro.
Fidel Castro. Whoa. Stay hard
Former Cuban President Fidel Castro dies at age 90, his brother, President Raul Castro announces.
RIP Fidel Castro. Again, what a year 2016.
Fidel Castro is dead, Obama's term is ending, and the Eurocratic Union is crumbling. 2016 was a great year.
Fidel Castro dead at 90, charismatic icon ruled Cuba
ANY CUBAN FOLLOWERS? FIDEL CASTRO DIED Y'ALL. BLESS UP
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90 (35 points on Hacker News):
RIP Fidel Castro;He was the real deal.
I think I read something about Fidel Castro and bat boy in weekly world news once. That's all I know about him. I hope bat boy is okay
"Nothing in the world is irreversible, not even capitalism" -Fidel Castro
Former Cuban Leader, Fidel Castro dies st 90
Hey Any info on Fidel Castro?
Florence Henderson, Fidel Castro, wonder who number 3 will be?
Fidel Castro just died that's brazy
Cuba state television has this morning announced the death of Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz, commonly known as Fidel...
RIP Cuban Revolutionary figure And Also Ex President Fidel Castro who died at the age of 90.
Fidel Castro's death is just the political nudge we needed to go full Tom Clancy.
friendly reminder that if you have no connection to Fidel Castro, its always ok to not have a take &amp; read tweets from people who do have one
San Francisco mourning death of Fidel on Castro St. with candle light vigil.
unfortunately Fidel Castro's death will not change things for Cuba but I am still very happy
Fidel Castro, Cuba's former president, dies aged 90
Fidel Castro dead... along with communism. Now watch Trump try to take credit for it DrainingThe
2016 killed Fidel Castro, America tried to kill this dude for years but 2016 was just too much for the poor guy
Fidel Castro Dies at 90, Cuban State TV Announces via
I always thought Fidel Castro was an interesting &amp; complicated historical figure i understand why he fought Batista but he ended up becoming
Fidel Castro dying has got to be the least depressing death of the year.
Fact of the day: My childhood doctor attended grade school with Fidel Castro.
Fidel Castro died. Smdh. 2016 out here snatching chains.
Cuba's Fidel Castro, former president, dies aged 90
And god said "I gave you president Trump. The least I can do is take Fidel Castro."
fidel castro's a dictator, if you're not cuban you don't have a say on whether he was a good guy or not
He was one of the most influential leaders of the 20th century. On his own he shaped history. Viva Fidel Castro
Fidel Castro is dead, which is one of those world events that I'm not sure how to feel about
There we heroes and then there was Fidel Castro!
Fidel Castro is dead Steve jobs is dead Walt Disney is dead IM DEAD
My grandmothers outlasted Fidel Castro. I am happy.
About time Fidel Castro died.
Fidel Castro died doing what he loved, watching Rory come into her own
Fidel Castro, former leader of Cuba, dead at age 90
I don't understand people defending Fidel Castro, yeah he challenged the US but being friends w/ Cubans and having Cubans in my family
BREAKING: Fidel Castro dead at 90.
My friend just randomly yelled out "Fidel Castro died"
Fidel Castro is dead. A pity the tyrant never met justice in this world. Good riddance. Hopefully someday soon we can toast to a free Cuba.
Cuban President Raul Castro Has Announced the Death of His Brother Fidel Castro
The leader of the Cuban revolution who steered the country through decades of US Blockade has reportedly died. Rest in peace, Fidel Castro.
The Great Leader, Cuba former president Mr. Fidel Castro died at 90.
the only good ik for sure that Fidel Castro did is bring Tony Montana to the states and now he's dead
Damn I legit asked my dad today if Fidel Castro was still alive. RIP to the best commie
damn fidel castro couldn't even survive 2016 either
Fidel Castro sucked but I'm ordering another beer for that 90 year old
Fidel Castro Dead: Cuban Revolutionary Leader Dies At 90 via
Cuba's former president Fidel Castro dead at 90
WashPost and BBC disagree which Castro has died. WaPo says Raul and BBC says Fidel. Accuracy vs speed, still unsure.
Is praising Fidel Castro right now? I'm not sure what the point of this feature is...
Yooooo wtf I'm so high and Fidel Castro just died this is so weird LOL everyone in ariels neighborhood are screaming and honking outside
The one slightly tragic note for many will be that the system outlived Fide Castro. At least for now
fidel castro must have gone too hard in the paint on this
Fidel Castro dies, aged 90 via
RIP to the last great leader, Fidel Castro. He was too good, too wise for this world. Strength to Cuba.
Florence Henderson and Fidel Castro in 24 hrs of each-other.
Fidel Castro just died. Can't wait to cringe at the communist sympathizers
"Fidel Castro" was a very very bad man according to all the cubans out there
Cuba s Fidel Castro has died aged 90 - The West Australian via
Fidel Castro couldn't handle Donald being president. R.I.P
2016 is not safe for anybody. Even Fidel Castro took that last trip.
Why black Americans love Fidel Castro via
Fidel Castro dies aged 90 , former president of Cuba via
"I don't know how to live in a world where Florence Henderson no longer exists.";- Fidel Castro, 11/25/2016
"Condemn me, it does not matter; history will absolve me." Long Live Fidel Castro and Long Live Cuba
I've never lived in a world where Fidel Castro didn't rule Cuba.
Will Fidel Castro dying supersede this debacle!? I hope so...
Is Fidel Castro actually dead or
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro has died at age 90
RT BreakingF24: - Revolutionary Cuban icon Fidel Castro dies aged 90
"History Will Absolve Me..." -Fidel Castro;It already has. Vas Bien Fidel.;Rest in Power my dear comrade.
Fidel castro: can i live just one more day;God:
Fidel Castro is dead! That's one dictator down, let's hope Trump is next!
Surely the grilled cubano will be special of the day Saturday at ; in ;Fidel Castro
Wowww just heard about FIDELCASTRO true revolutionary GBNF
Castro kaput! There are enough despots running the world Fidel, you may rest in peace...
Longtime former leader and revolutionary icon Fidel Castro has died aged 90, state televis
Fidel Castro stood up to a capitalist superpower during the Cold War. He also was an ally to Nelson Mandela.
Huh. Fidel Castro died.;;Let's hope this means 2016 is finally running out of steam.
Pls know, your Fidel Castro / 'what's up with 2016' joke is tired before you even tweeted it
Father of Communist Cuba, Fidel Castro dies
Fidel Castro, revolutionary Cuban icon, dies aged 90
Fidel Castro died? I legit thought he died a few years ago and his brother was running the show on his behalf...
yo s/o to fidel castro;;the cia originally funded him to overthrow batista. then spent decades trying to fry him.
Fidel Castro's death was announced by his brother Cuban President Raul Castro on state media
Fidel Castro died? Quick somebody change up the traveling rules
Not even Fidel Castro could survive of Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life ...
Fidel Castro Has Died At Age 90, Brother Says 13 minutes ago
Fidel Castro couldn't handle another month of 2016 either.
So, the CIAs exploding cigar finally worked. BBC News - Fidel Castro, dies aged 90
Rip Fidel Castro, u made me miss 100 by 2 points on my us history regents bc I thought u were a Spanish dictator but rest easy
WOWOWOWOW I HATE TO INFORM YALL THAT MY UNCLE FIDEL CASTRO JUST DIED
Fidel Castro was an evil in our world. You're supposed to respect the dead, but he never respected the living.
Fidel Castro dies the day after Thanksgiving? sounds like a government conspiracy
If you ever feel stupid, just remember there are people retarded enough to say "RIP" to Fidel Castro;;
Me: OK I'll start my homework now; no excuses like the last 100 times.;;*Fidel Castro dies*;;*Doesn't touch homework until 11:30pm Sunday*
When you were literally just talking about Fidel Castro dying today and then it happens
Fidel Castro death is a loss for humanity especially for Cubans Let's C if this news is true or not. God bless Fidel Castro
According to CNN, Fidel Castro has died. He was 90.
YALL FIDEL CASTRO DIED I AM SO HAPPY WE ARE THROWING A FIDEL FLEX YOURE ALL INVITED!
Former Cuban President &amp; leader of communist revolution Fidel Castro died aged 90. He ruled Cuba as a one party state for almost 5 decades
News anchor said "Fidel Castro is finally dead"
Me finding out Fidel Castro died
Lmao the fact that I literally said a week ago Fidel Castro needed to go and he did today .. bruh
Liam Neeson will be perfect for fidel castro biopic.
Marxist Fidel Castro dies at 90. Imagine America will declare Castro a hero like Nelson Mandela. Mandela wrote...
RIP Fidel Castro... omg... 2016 has been a crazy year.
that moment when I look up Fidel Castro literally 2 days ago and he suddenly dies today.
"DING DONG THE CUCK IS DEAD! ... Marxist Dictator FIDEL CASTRO Dies at 90!!!"
I began revolution with 82 men.If I had to do it again,I do it with 10-15 &amp; absolute faith.It doesn't matter how small you're - Fidel Castro
Fidel Castro, leader of the Cuban Revolution dies at 90
Sure, people laughed, but the CIA's secret plan to kill Fidel Castro via old age has come to fruition.
It's pretty disturbing to see so many ppl upset and sad about the news of Fidel Castro dying. Do you realize what he did to many Cubans?
Damn Finally Fidel Castro died man after such a long time
"Fidel Castro" he promised himself he will never die until the day he sees America elect a dictator
Fidel Castro is dead at 90.
Fidel Castro deserved to die. He was a horrible human.
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90
