The Canadian Immigration &amp; Citizenship website crashed. Checked purely out of curiosity.
Canada's immigration website is down due to heavy traffic.
The immigration website just crashed...
The Canadian immigration website is down LOL
FFS. This is Brexit all over again. Yanks crashing the Canadian Immigration website.
Citizenship and Immigration Canada website is down.
Citizenship and Immigration Canada's website just crashed.
I AM SHOOK THE CANADIAN IMMIGRATION WEBSITE IS DOWN
Screen shot of the Citizenship and Immigration Canada website;;(not a joke.)
*sombra voice* I'm in (the canadian immigration website let's go let's go)
immigration website appears to have crashed and is currently offline
No joke: Immigration Canada website is crashed. Refugees from USA: I'm willing to marry one of you. For a small fee.
The Citizenship and Immigration Canada website is down if anyone wonders how in the USA is going.
Canada's Citizen and Immigration website has crashed
THE CANADIAN IMMIGRATION WEBSITE IS DOWN AHAHHAHAHA
So many people are trying to move to Canada that the immigration website has crashed
Indeed, Canadian Citizenship and Immigration website down.
Canada's immigration website is down from traffic
Canada immigration website crashes amid strong Trump lead
Immigration 's website is down
Meanwhile, in Immigration Canada's website has crashed. ;
Canadian immigration website is down thanks mom for making the right decision 1 year ago lmao
CANADA'S IMMIGRATION WEBSITE HAS CRASHED - LIBERALS CONFIRMED IN ABSOLUTE PANIC
Ruth Graham from Slate reporting that the website for Citizenship and Immigration Canada has crashed. Oh dear.
Canada's immigration website has crashed
Canada's immigration website has crashed. ; ; ;
Retweeted BuzzFeed ( immigration website has actually crashed on
RT RT_America: BREAKING: Canada immigration website crashes amid strong lead
The immigration Canada website right now. Guys, I was joking when I said I had room at my place.
Canada's immigration website is down yall
Damn y'all crashed the Canada immigration website fse
Canada's Immigration website has crashed loool
Canada's immigration and citizenship website has crashed by via
Canada's immigration website just crashed via
Immigration Canada's website is down
sorry everyone i crashed the canadian immigration website
The Canadian Immigration website crashed hahahaha
The Canadian Immigration website just crashed....
Canadian immigration website crashes due to trump leading the polls
The Canada Immigration website actually crashed I'm speechless
immigration website crashes as results come in: Reports
Canadas Immigration website just crashed!!
Canada Immigration Website has crashed.
BREAKING: Canada immigration website crashes amid strong lead by via
Canada's Immigration Website Has Actually Crashed On Election Night
Canada's Immigration Website just crashed.... no joke.
The Canadian immigration website has crashed. Ripp
By the way: The Canadian immigration and citizenship website apparently crashed tonight
Canada's immigration website went down at 730. ;;This is bad.
Canada's immigration website just crash? Whoa
Canada's immigration website has crashed.
So many people are trying to move to Canada that the immigration website has crashed
Canada's immigration and citizenship website has crashed via
The Canadian Department of Immigration website right now.
This election just broke canadas immigration website..
Canada immigration website down :) Trump effect ? hahaha
Canada's immigration website is down.
