Jimmy Johnson wins his 7th Nascar Championship

I guess Jimmie Johnson won Bc my mom is yelling happily wooo NASCAR
I didn't tell anyone on Twitter, but I somehow compared Jimmie Johnson to John Cena when I saw 48 was starting in the back.
And Carl Edwards just gave Jimmie Johnson his 7th Championship.
I mightn't b a Jimmie Johnson fan but I hope he wins the championship over the other two that is left
Why is jimmy johns so dead kill me
Hope I'm not watching this wreck fest to see, Jimmie gross me out johnson, win.
Congratulations to Jimmie Johnson, he wins his record tying 7th championship!;
Jimmie Johnson wins the and will be your 2016 Nascar Sprint Cup Series Champion!!
How did Jimmie Johnson do that?
jimmie johnson MY MAN :) my dad is so bitter
Who is this Jimmie Johnson guy???? Seems pretty good...
Jimmie Johnson wins the race and the championship. Harvick finishes in 3rd.
LUCKY NUMBER 7 FOR JIMMIE JOHNSON!!!
Yep Jimmie Johnson is the GOAT
jimmy johnson is the man
I doubt you will ever see another 7-time NASCAR champion after what Jimmy Johnson just did. Ever...
Don't ever under me under estimate the power of the 48 Jimmy Johnson seven-time champion
Ok, it's now pretty clear Jimmy Johnson is actually a host.
Glad to see Jimmie Johnson win though.
Richard Petty, Dale Earnhardt, Jimmy Johnson. club of 7-time champs.
WOW! Huge congrats to Jimmie Johnson, Chad Knaus, and Team Hendrick!
Jimmy Johnson might be the greatest of our generation across any sport.
Jimmie Johnson most winningest athlete of our generation
Congrats to Jimmie Johnson and on their 7th Championship!!!!
BREAKING NEWS: Jimmie Johnson has won his seventh NASCAR championship!
I hope Jimmy Johnson wins 10 titles. He's not my guy, but he's the best ever. In an era of all cars being equal he just is the best.
7 time champion Jimmy Johnson , night all ,
NASCAR has changed it's whole season format like eight times to stop Jimmie Johnson and he keeps winning. True GOAT.
Cherish this moment. You may never see anything like this again. Jimmie Johnson, SEVEN!
Damn. Jimmie Johnson with his 7th championship. That's insane.
Jimmie Johnson wins his seventh NASCAR championship.
Jimmie Freakin Johnson is a 7 time champion! Congrats
Jimmie Johnson! Carl Edwards woulda got a chance but little whiny Logano had to take him out
I'm not hating on Jimmie Johnson. He just didn't have the best car until literally everyone else wrecked in front of him.
Congrats Jimmy Johnson Seven Time Champ Yes Way To Go My Man Lets Party
I love you Jimmie Johnson, your a 7 time awsome !
"We will talk to Jimmie Johnson";*turns off TV*
NASCAR history has been made Richard Petty, Dale Earnhardt now Jimmie Johnson 7X championships
Jimmie Johnson is a legend
Congrats, Jimmie Johnson. 7 is a legendary number. You are with the 2 biggest legends of now.
Number 48 Jimmie Johnson fans you must be happy! Jimmie Johnson wins his seventh Sprint Cup Championship in homestead-miami!
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Jimmy Johnson wins the race, and his seventh championship!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jimmie Johnson is the best driver in the history of Nascar, hands down. Signed. Sealed. Delivered. NO question. Done.
I never talk about anymore, but hooooooly crap Jimmie Johnson just won his 7th Sprint Cup Championship! That's absolutely insane.
Jimmie Johnson wins Ford 400 and Championship
Hey I think the 7 Time NASCAR Champ Jimmie Johnson needs to hit the drum. How about it?
A huge congratulations goes out to Jimmie Johnson and our friends Chad Knauss and Rick Hendrick on an incredible...
What a weekend!! The Sooners win!! Then Dallas wins!! And to top it off Jimmie Johnson gets !!
Jimmie Johnson wins seventh Sprint Cup title via yayyyyyy congrations!!!
Breaking: Jimmie Johnson captures record-tying 7th NASCAR title by winning Homestead-Miami Speedwayvia App
well, that was anticlimatic. big congrats to jimmie johnson. although that was kyle larson's race to win. stupid restarts.
NASCAR: The move that brought it home for JimmieJohnson!;;
Wow! Jimmy Johnson , great win.
Although Jimmie Johnson is now a 7x Champion can and should we compare him to The King and The Intimidator?
Remember when Jimmie Johnson had to start at the rear after being caught cheating before the race?
Jimmie Johnson could get it
Jimmie Johnson! Americas most under-appreciated athlete.
