What a treat to watch sweeps by karun nair.. Proving better than AK with his jhaadhoo
Karun Nair's batting is not too pretty to look at. But it's effective nonetheless!
Individual Highest score by any Indian against ENGLAND by KARUN NAIR 243(338)*;what an innings.....;India 669/6(178.3);
Karun Nair ended the calendar year with a double ton.
BREAKING: Karun Nair makes highest Test score by an Indian batsman against englandcricket.
Karun Nair in this Test;;Scored 1st 50 converted to Century;;Scored 1st Century converted to 150;;Scored 1st 150 converted to 200
The highest scores for India in Tests against England: Karun Nair goes past Virat Kohli's 235 in Mumbai;;
: WATCH: Karun Nair celebrates his maiden double hundred for India December 19, 2016 at 03:45PM
Karun Nair just scored more runs in an innings than Sachin in his entire career
Well done Karun Nair, your innings has given India a chance to make it 4-0
250 for Karun Nair. How many times he'll trouble people in the pavilion to stand up and applaud?
Sehwag;Laxman;Dravid;Karun Nair;250+ elite company for India!;
Till yesterday Karun Nair was unknown to many and today he has risen.
Karun Nair has what Sachin Tendulkar does not have. Guess what ...;Score of 250 in test match;Well played Karun
Karun Nair 261 and India 700/6, only forth time in the history
Karun nair 250* fab innings by an young playrr
Karun Nair Will Break Lara's Record At This Rate
Karun Nair is more devastating in Demon Modi's led DeMonetised India;; ;
Karun nair Is On Fire
KARUN NAIR is on FAIR....AGAIN SWEEP....
Karun Nair is Going to Break Viru Pa's Record in sometime
Karun Nair is sweeping every ball just like Indians swept England out of this Game!;
Karun Nair's 271* is the 5th best score for an Indian batsman in Tests going past Dravid's 270;;
Karun Nair plays some trademark Rohit Sharma shot in this marathon inning. ;;
Karun Nair. You're truly something else. Another breed of exception. Hats off.
This Must Seem like A Beautiful Dream For Karun Nair.
So Karun Nair wants to score 300 today itself. He started playing as a ODI player after he scored 250.
Nice to see Karun Nair trying to match batting legends like Jayant Yadav;;
If anyone thought Kohli would declare after Karun Nair's 250, now he's approaching 300.
Karun Nair batting superbly. India have dominated the English. Return series next year nicely poised. Kohli was born a leader
Karun Nair on 279* what a knock you are playing buddy, hats off
WATCH: Karun Nair celebrates his maiden double hundred for India..
Karun Nair come on Son... 300
FOUR from Karun Nair takes him to 288 and India to 730/6...which is their highest Test score!
Karun Nair goes past VVS Laxman's 281. Now only Sehwag has scored more runs in an inns for India.
Only Sehwag ahead of Karun Nair.
With Azhar Ali earlier in the year scoring 300, hoping Karun Nair to get one in his name to show we too can do it post Viru Era.
Looks like even England wants Karun Nair to reach 300 so that Kohli declares the innings
Karun Nair is racing towards a triple as India pile on their highest total in Test history ;;
Unbelievable kid Karun nair ,keep breaking record
Karun Nair is very near to maiden triple century.... He converted maiden century to maiden double and on on it's way to triple... Keep going
Karun Nair just 10 run away from Triple Century. Only Indian Batsman Will be to score a triple Hundred other than Sehwag.
Karun Nair being a beast! England players have been brought down to their knees.
Again and again .....karun nair shows himself as james bond
Karun nair solid batting at chepauk ! I can see all dead englishmens karnataka bois finding easy at tamilnadu rare thing to see
Karun Nair you make me miss batting!
RT scoopwhoopnews: England are getting pummeled in Chennai! Karun Nair is going all guns blazing, has raced to 290 already.;;
Karun Nair goes past VVS Laxman's 281. Now only Sehwag has scored more runs in an inns for India.
This knock by KarunNair just showed how poor is the English bowling attack and then they say Kohli has become a better test batsman
India's Karun Nair makes maiden hundred but draw looks likely in fifth Test
Only thing left for Sir to do now is to run Karun Nair out to neatly bookend Karun's series.
While Karun Nair goes on for his 300, Jadeja rushes to his half century. Home Ground Effect and Memories ? ;);;
Single to Karun Nair, who moves to 295 now;;Live:
England might not even come to visit India after this tour, forget playing; Completely blown away by Karun Nair's brilliance.
Now i am first timea big fan of a cricketer. He is karun nair.What a player mindblowing fantastic cricket by the super star
Karun Nair is on 295*. Exactly the number of minutes Afridi has batted in his entire career
Hope Karun Nair speaks to entire media today and not some obscure intvw 2 star is born.
Karun Nair entered the 190s as stretched their lead past 100 with four sessions remaining in the Chennai Test
Jaddu 50!!! ;;Lucky Karun nair to see Sir Jadeja scoring 50 so closely
amit mittal from barodameo i congratulate karun nair for 300 runs
karun nair should imagine bat as gun and shoot all english players after scoring 300.
Karun Nair moves on to 298* with a single. India lead by 275
every single by karun nair make my heartbeat higher , 300
Time to Rejoice;Time to celebrate;For you have won all cricket lovers heart ;:-); "Karun Nair"
Karun Nair has been batting for 378 deliveries, and Henry Blofeld has stilled managed to pronounce his name differently every single time
5th Test: Karun Nair Nears Double Ton as India Take Charge
Almost there on the verge of a world record where u score a double &amp; triple hundred in the same innings u score ur maiden hundred Karun Nair
Triple century by karun nair in only his 2nd test match! some achievement
Chennai pitch is hiding Karun Nair's flaws.
Historical 'Karun Nair' scored triple century became 2nd Indian Cricketer who scored 300 in test.
History made triple century by Karun Nair
What a time to come home to see bat &amp; hit 300 runs !! what a knock!! Congratulations Karun Nair!!
Karun Nair scores maiden Test triple ton after reaching triple figures for the 1st time in his 3rd test against at Chennai
Maiden triple hundred for Karun Nair. India's highest Test Match Score
Congratulations Karun Nair on the
Harsha Bhogle: But what are England bowling? Karun Nair is in a mithai shop and the own... via
What a special innings by a guy who has been waiting in the wings for a long time now.. take a bow Karun Nair
Highest ever test total 4 crossed &amp; 300 for Karun Nair. Go
Karun Nair, WHAT AN INNING !! ;Maiden Triple Century in 1st go.
Karun Nair scores 300, 2nd Indian after Virender Sehwag to triple-ton club
GETS IT IN THE GAP PAST COOK AND THERE IS THE 303 FOR KARUN NAIR OFF 381 BALLS! STAND &amp; APPLAUD! WHAT A GREAT KNOCK! OUTSTANDING!
300! Unreal. 759-7 and a declaration. Take many bows, Karun Nair. Take 300 if you like.
And there it is! Soak it all up Karun Nair. This is beyond amazing.
THREE HUNDRED TO Karun Nair
Take a bow Karun Nair
OUTSTANDING Innings by Karun Nair
;What a talent--Karun Nair scores 300 plus against England at Chennai.
Karun Nair ......... see you in Indian team till 2019 ! 300* is enough .;WELL PLAYED .
Another proud moment for us.;Congrts karun Nair and team India
Karun Nair going to create another History..near to 300 ... what say ..he is After you...
100 with a 4.;200 with a 4.;And now 300 also with a 4.;What an inning.Take a bow to this Young lad.;Name:- Karun Nair.;
Karun Nair scores a triple century, extraordinary achievement. England in disarray. Carnage !! India declare 759-7. 282 ahead.
Who would have thought at stumps yesterday that Karun Nair gonna score a triple century today? Big big congratulations.
Karun Nair brings up his Triple Century, what an innings !! Remember, he was dropped on 34 by Cook.
Karun Nair has become only the 2nd man ever (V Sehwag, 2004 &amp; 2008) to post 300+ in a Test innings for India.
Outstanding knock by karun Nair.. congratulations on reaching 300*
Hope for Nic Maddinson yet.........Karun Nair only averaged 8.5 after 1 test, now averaging 160 after 1.5 tests
What an innings Karun Nair. Who would have thought he would score 300 ? Congrats on this great feat.
Karun Nair join the elite club. Befor him, only two batsman have turned their maiden century into a triple. Garry Sobers and Bob Simpson
Karun Nair becomes India's second triple centurion in Tests after Sehwag. This landmark eluded even Gavaskar, Sachin &amp; Dravid !!!
Karun Nair scores 300 Against .;Well Done Champ. :);Join the 300 Clubs :) ; ;Congratulations :')
Take a bow, Champ. ;;Karun Nair in elite company;;
Congrats Karun Nair for his 300 runs achivment
300 for Karun Nair - what an achievement - could beat Sehwag's 319
Karun Nair's 300 is really good but Virender Sehwag's 300 was special.
Triple century off 380 balls for Karun Nair 2nd batsman to reach the milestone after Sehwag in 2005
Sensational Karun Nair. Incredible knock. And fantastic strike rate as well. What a knock
Karun Nair took just 75 balls to reach 300 from 200. Virender Sehwag-esque!
KL Rahul, Karun Nair Put Best Foot Forward to Keep India Robust vs. England in 5th Test
Unbeaten 303 runs by Karun Nair,second Indian batsman to score triple ton after the legendary Virender Sehwag....KUDOS TO KARUN NAIR
Karun Nair hits tripple-Century and becames 2nd player to hits 300+ from India after
Triple ton for Karun Nair... congrats....u r now next to Viru paaji....
Karun Nair creates history by his MAIDEN TRIPLE TON at very young age . ;Join for party !
Karun Nair what an epic innings !! Converted the first century into tripple (303*) !!;Fabulous innings young man ;
Sparkling 303 of rising star Karun Nair that too not out.Heartiest congratulations3 Cheers Join the Nation to salute &amp;celebrate
Karun Nair! Take a bow!! For An Innings that would had envied even
Meet Karun Nair, India's only TRIPLE CENTURION in Tests after Virender Sehwag. Incredible!
Yaaay triple century for Karun Nair seems like way to 1000 runs for india.
Karun Nair becomes the 26th player to score a test 300. Congrats bro.
Ind vs Eng Chennai Test- Day 4: Karun Nair becomes 2nd Indian batsman to score 300 runs in Test cricket.
Congrats to Karun Nair,after Sehwag who would have thought that it would be him to make a triple
Unbeaten 303 from Karun Nair, KL Rahul makes 199 and India belts 7-759d. Ridiculous.
Take a Bow Young Man Karun Nair!!! ;.;India Declared 759/7 | lead by 282 runs
Karun Nair is the earliest to score a 300 in his career (in his 3rd Test).;PRE: was Len Hutton who reached there in his 6th Test.;
Commentators talked about his triple ton in the Ranji trophy final so much that Karun Nair extended his maiden test ton to a triple century
Congrats to Karun Nair for maiden 300.
Am I the only person thinking that It would have been better if Kohli declared after Karun Nair cross 319..
Karun Nair is not affected with He has 3 100's ~ Bhakt;
What a day it's been for Karun Nair and India
