Two Based Actors reacting to Meryl Streep's Golden Globe speech
Dear Meryl Streep, keep talking! Sanctimonious virtue signalling and talking down to the ordinary folk is exactly how we won.
'Meryl Streep' is now trending WorldWide, ranking 1 [09:26];;
"Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. When the powerful use their position to bully others we all lose." - Meryl Streep
Donald Trump Calls Meryl Streep 'Hillary Lover' After Her Golden Globes Speech
Donald Trump Dismisses 'Hillary Lover' Meryl Streep's Artful Gold Globes Speech
Can't wait to get off work and google Meryl Streep's speech
Meryl Streep condemns Trump at Golden Globes: 'Disrespect invites disrespect'
Meryl Streep Speech The Golden Globes 2017 via
Meryl Streep Seemingly Slams Trump and Pays Tribute to Carrie Fisher in Golden Globes Speech
No, Trump did not win due to a backlash against the eloquence of Meryl Streep. He won because deplorables had their votes graded on a curve.
"take your broken heart and make it into art." - Meryl Streep Golden Globes
Donald Trump Tweets That 'Media Is Fake' After Meryl Streep Urges Press to Address 'Every Outrage' via
Meryl Streep! hats off to you . 'Take a broken heart and turn in to an art ' wow !!!
Golden Globes: Meryl Streep attacks Donald Trump in speech
Meryl Streep just SHUT IT DOWN at the with her speech about... by via
Meryl Streep Cries Over Donald Trump at Golden Globes
Meryl Streep is my peg for 2017.
Meryl Streep attacks Trump at Golden Globes ^SkyNews
Meryl Streep's speech on Donald Trump has everyone talking
" Hollywood legend Meryl Streep tears into Trump via
Meryl Streep gets political in Golden Globes acceptance speech
All credit to Meryl Streep, but one would think she'd be better than digging at others. Football/MMA may not be her art, but someone's art.
anyways i still want meryl streep to play white diamond @ rebecca sugar please
Meryl Streep's speech on Donald Trump has everyone talking
Meryl Streep attacks Trump at Golden Globes
Meryl Streep slams Trump and remembers Carrie Fisher in her speech at the Golden Globes
viola davis watching meryl streep come on stage is the cutest thing in the world
MERYL STREEP totes nailed it.
Phenomenon of Legitimated Bullying ......;BBC News - Golden Globes: Meryl Streep attacks Donald Trump in speech
(((Meryl Streep's speech was addressing character, not politics)));((why are people so mad));(take a nap)
DonnySmallHands is going to wake up and be so triggered about Meryl Streep, the tweet storm will be glorious and ignorant. Can't wait.
"Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence" Meryl Streep's speech exposes Trump at the
OMG MERYL STREEP'S GOLDEN GLOBES SPEEDH! Seriously watch it, right now. I am crying. And I don't cry
"We need a principled press, to hold power to account, to call them on the carpet for every outrage."-Meryl Streep at the
Meryl Streep names the Hollywood actors by asking who are we?
I wonder if the places stripped of their jobs cared about what Meryl Streep said last night.
The magnificent Meryl Streep tells it exactly as it is. Thank you;
"take your broken heart, make it into art." - meryl streep, quoting carrie fisher.. She did Carrie, she did
Meryl Streep takes dig at MMA, Coker and fighters respond
Trump has responded to criticism of Meryl Streep
Trump responds to Meryl Streep (!);Does he understand what the behaviour of a US President implies? What...
Meryl Streep Attacks Donald Trump At Golden Globes
Meryl Streep condemns Trump at Golden Globes: 'Disrespect invites disrespect'
Meryl Streep hugging someone who complained the top shelf at is racist....
I voted for and I am a disabled person. I reject your fake understanding and advocacy. Meryl Streep you hypocrite!
His 4am tweet is gonna be: Meryl Streep is a nobody &amp; a terrible actress! Everybody thinks so. She let a dingo eat her baby! Careless! Sad!
meryl streep is a legend
Meryl Streep Speech The Golden Globes 2017 title says it all
Thanks Meryl Streep, you said what most of us are feeling
1 Meryl Streep Trump did NOT mock reporter for being handicap, he mocked him for pulling back the articles he wrote of Muslims cheering 911
Meryl Streep delivered the anti-hate speech the world needs to hear right now via
Used to think Meryl Streep was a queen. That's now been upgraded to goddess.
Meryl Streep is entitled to an opinion, in my view it is wrong. But she is. In my opinion her movies are awful.
TheLadBible: Meryl Streep laid into Donald Trump in her Golden Globes acceptance speech.
me, listening to my fave Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep's historic Golden Globes speech calling out Trump will literally give you chills
The orange idiot hasn't dissed Meryl Streep yet.
Meryl Streep called out Donald Trump at the Watch and read her... by via
;Meryl Streep calls out Donald Trump at Golden Globes
Now I have to listen to everyone rave and then jizz in their pants about Meryl Streeps speech at the Golden Globes...yay.
Meryl Streep powerful speech at the Golden Globes (2017)
Golden Globes: Meryl Streep attacks Donald Trump in speech -
Read Meryl Streep's Incredible, Devastating Speech Against Trump via
Meryl Streep uses to launch stinging attack on Trump: ; via
Oh god , the Chump fans are really losing it over Meryl Streep. You have 4 more years of people calling out your bigot President. Cry cry
Meryl Streep, thank you for standing up and saying publicly what the rest of us are all thinking
Is anyone else having trouble saying 'Meryl Streep's speech' out loud?
Meryl Streep Speech The Golden Globes 2017
i love meryl streep and writing that tweet hurt my soul.
If you don't love Meryl Streep... you're wrong.
Meryl Streep gets political in Golden Globes acceptance speech
Really admire Meryl Streep's speech last night, not least because she didn't mention Lord Voledort's name once (it's how he gets stronger)
When Obama mocked the Special Olympics, where was Meryl Streep?
"Meryl Streep" is on in #
Read Meryl Streep's powerful Golden Globes speech by via
I completely agree with Meryl Streep. Poor woman lost her mind a long time ago.
Meryl Streep, at the Golden Globes award ceremony: "Disrespect, disrespect, violence more violence. If the powerful do this, we all lose"
Yay for Meryl Streep for speaking what most of us feel.
Meryl Streep Make Art Speech Against Donald Trump At Golden Globes Rallies Social Media
The way Kerry Washington was looking and listening to Meryl Streep during the gave me life.
"Disrespect incites disrespect." Watch Meryl Streep's powerful speech
My TL right now: "Meryl Streep is so brave for bashing Trump at this circle jerk of the Hollywood elite"
"Take your broken heart. Turn it into art.";Meryl Streep Speech The Golden Globes 2017
Read Meryl Streep's powerful Golden Globes speech
I completely agree with Meryl Streep. Poor woman lost her mind a long time ago.
ugh I love Meryl Streep &lt;3
Meryl Streep slams Trump and remembers Carrie Fisher in her speech at the Golden Globes
Meryl Streep's anti-Trump speech tops memorable Golden Globes moments
Donald Trump Calls Meryl Streep "Hillary Lover" After Her Golden Globes Speech
Meryl Streep's speech is a prime example of how someone with fame should use their status
Inspiring. I hope to reach that Meryl Streep eloquence one day.
Bravo Meryl Streep! It's about time Hollywood made its opinions known. How can anyone come to a decision without hearing from the actors?
Meryl Streep Defends Hollywood, Foreigners, and the Press in Blistering Anti-Trump Speech via
Meryl Streep Blisters Trump And Defends Press Freedom In Must See Speech
take your broken heart, make it into art. - Carrie Fisher (via, Meryl Streep)
Hollywood Is Applauding Meryl Streep For Taking Donald Trump To Task At The Golden Globes
There can only be one Queen Meryl Streep.
Meryl Streep propagates the lie the media made about Trump at the Golden Globes. Donald never mocked the journalist. The media made it up.
Golden Globes: Meryl Streep attacks Donald Trump in speech
Meryl Streep uses Golden Globes to excoriate Trump
ALLLL Hail Queen Meryl Streep for so using her platform to elegantly speak out against violence, bigotry, and...
protect meryl streep at all costs
Meryl Streep slams Donald Trump in 2017 speech
Wow! This is really something from Meryl Streep.
Meryl Streep Gives Snobby Golden Globes Speech, Admits She Lost Her Mind, Bashes Trump and Cries! (VIDEO) Hweed joke
Meryl Streep, Ladies and Gentlemen. ;;
Meryl Streep's anti-Trump speech at The Golden Globes touches on protecting journalists RT
Trump dismisses Meryl Streep's speech at the Golden Globes, calling her a "Hillary-lover".
Viola Davis to Meryl Streep: "You make me feel that what I have in me, my... by via
Meryl Streep's Trump broadside tops memorable Golden Globes moments
Since Meryl Streep &amp; her ilk think they are "special" their pronouncements what count regardless of reality &amp; truth!
Meryl Streep told a debunked tale of mimicking a disabled man. You tell lies enough, people believe it.
Huh, everyone is talking about Meryl Strep, I wonder what she sa...oh god no I'm staying off twitter for years.
Donald Trump hits back at 'Hillary lover' Meryl Streep over Golden Globes speech
Donald Trump Tweets That 'Media Is Fake' After Meryl Streep Urges Press to Address 'Every ... -
Meryl Streep is Trending High in Egypt. Visit to see top trends every hour
'An actor's only job is to enter the lives of people who are different from us and let you feel what that feels like.' Meryl Streep slaying.
Donald Trump Calls Meryl Streep "Hillary Lover" After Her Golden Globes Speech
And the golden globe for best white feminist goes to Meryl "we're really all just African" Streep
I don't approve of Meryl Streep. Sure, she can act, but she supports nazis and I don't stand for that.
Donald Trump Fires Back at Meryl Streep Over Golden Globes Speech, Calls Her a 'Hillary Lover'
Read Meryl Streep's powerful Golden Globes speech by via
"NEVER FORGET: Meryl Streep gives Standing Ovation to Pedophile Roman Polanski."
I don't know if Meryl Streep's career is going to recover from this.
Meryl Streep is just incredible. What a moment that was!
Hollywood legend Meryl Streep tears into Trump
meryl streep built a time machine, got in it at the golden globes, AND SINGLEHANDEDLY SAVED 2016 WITH THAT SPEECH
Donald Trump 'not surprised' Meryl Streep roasted him via Trump is mad now
Meryl Streep Rebukes Trump at Golden Globes
