Snapchat is not working

When you type "snapchat not working" just to make sure you're not the only one struggling
Snapchat World Lenses aren't for your face: Here's how they work
does Snapchat ever work !! so annoying
snapchat not work. ;blame donald trump.
Why isn't snap working ughhhhh
Why is my snapchat not working!!:((
Snapchat ain't working and I'm gonna snap
First thing to do when snapchats not working, check twitter to make sure everyone's isn't and it's not just mine
Is it just my snapchat that won't work? or..
when i want to talk to someone the most, my snapchat stops working
so annoying when Snapchat just dies for abit then starts working again
so annoying when snapchat stops working
my snapchat is not working!!!!
When you type "snapchat not working" just to make sure you're not the only one struggling
Snapchat why do you always have to stop working
Like &amp; rt if you came right to twitter and searched "snapchat not working" to make sure you weren't the only one
My snap isn't working wtf
WHY ISNT MY SNAPCHAT WORKING
WHY IS MY SNAPCHAT NOT WORKING???????
My snapchats are not working nooo
Anyone else's snapchat not working
Is anyone else Snapchat not working
is anyone else's snapchat not working?
dunno why I'm so bothered about snapchat not working, not like I get any snapchats anyway.
I'm annoyed at myself for being annoyed that Snapchat isn't working
who else's snapchat isn't working ? or is it my shocking Internet
Can Snapchat actually work I have streaks to send
MY SNAPCHAT ISNT WORKING AND MY STREAK IS IN THE LINE
Snapchat not working for anyone else?
Only my snapchat thats not working?
Anyone else snapchat not working?
Modern day disaster when Snapchat stops working
Why isn't my snapchat working like please don't do this to me
Is anyone's snapchat not working ?
Why is my snapchat not working kms
Why is my snapchat not working.. I'm annoyed
Snapchat can you work please
Anyone else's Snapchat not working or is it just me
Is anyone else's snapchat not working???
Why does snap always quit working when I'm tryna message people
must only be my snapchat that's working
Is anyone else's snap not working?
My snap chat stopped working and I started freaking out
Who else's snapchat isn't working
Why has my Snapchat decided to stop working????
My mood right now because of the fact that snapchat is laggy and isn't working...
My snapchat isn't working... I'm blaming Trump.
I'm about crying cause Snapchat isn't working
I hate when my snapchat doesn't work!!! Ugh I need to add some new members
Snapchat not working. I've gotta blame Trump for this.
Ummm Is my snapchat the only one not working?!
snapchat not working is such a struggle, idk how else to communicate
Is it just me or is snapchat not working properly???
snapchat isn't working... I'm very upset:/
Snapchats not working, I blame Trump for this.
we all come on twitter to rant about how snapchat isn't working :)
I LOVE when snapchat actually works xx
why isn't snapchat working rn that is so rude
Did anyone else's snapchat just stopped working?
snapchat isn't working and I have a 437 day streak &amp; I ain't about to lose that
Snapchat not working is the worst thing to happen to the World since the Tolberone drama
is anyone else's Snapchat not working???
is anyone else's snapchat not working ????
I never use snapchat but when I do it doesn't work
Wow snaps not working what a surprise
Anyone else's snapchat now working ?
My snap chat acting up. Work about to be dead
why is snapchat not working i have streaks i need to save
my Snapchat isn't working and its really making me mad.
Am I the only one whose snap isn't working?
I love when snapchat doesn't work
Don't realise how much I use snapchat until it doesn't work
snapchat why do you never work
just letting you guys know snapchat isn't working so you're not the only one
Snapchats no working, am blaming Trump
My snapchat isn't working and it's adding on to my anxiety
Lol why is snapchat not working
Snapchat isn't working. I blame Trump.
Is anyone else's snapchat not working? Or just mine
ever since i did the snapchat update my snapchat hasn't been working at all. lovely.
You don't realise how much you rely on snapchat until it stops working
Snapchat not working for anyone else?
Any particular reason why Snapchat is not working?
is it just my snapchat that's not working ? :(
i hate when snapchat doesn't work
snapchat not working is making me realize how much i use it....
why is snap not working???
why isn't my snap working
snapchat not working is trumps fault
Snapchat why you no working??
Snapchat isn't working and I'm much more stressed than I should be
i wish snapchat would WORK
Sad news, ; Is Banning snapchat .. which probably explains why snapchat isnt working Thanks for everyone who used our app!
Wtf is wring w Snapchat, why isn't it working rn
when my snapchat isn't working and neither is anyone else's
Snapchat isn't working, Donald trump is president, what has the world come to ?
Why is my Snapchat not working
I think snapchat support are taking the term "I want to die Snapchat isn't working" too seriously...
I think Snapchat not working has had a bigger reaction than trump today
Snapchat is not working and I'm about to lose a 159 day streak.
High key upset snapchat isn't working
Is any one else's Snapchat not working.....
Snapchat not working is so annoying
why isn't my snapchat working???
Why is Snapchat not working
Well my snapchat isn't working wtf
my snapchat isn't working i'm gonna kms
Is anyone else's snapchat not working
Why can't Snapchat just bring out an update that makes it actually work rather than it not working 24/7
me bc snapchat stopped working
Ejo is snapchat working or what?...
Can someone explain to me why snapchat isn't working ??
Why is snapchat not working
Why is snapchat not workingggggg
If Snapchat could start working again that'd be great
Whys my snap not workinggggggggg
"Maybe snapchat not working is a way of Hillary getting her revenge."
Everytime snapchat stops working, I type into twitter 'snapchat down' to check its not just mine
If I loose my 314 day streak with because snapchat isn't working I'm gonna cry
Lmao mint snapchat is working x
Searching "snap chat not working " to make sure your not the only one lol
Snapchat is currently not working and then I realized oh my God I need Snapchat
snapchat isn't working so rip to all my streaks I guess
lol if trump was the reason why snapchat ain't working im gonna throw a tantrum
When snapchat is not working
Anyone else's snapchat not working ?
My Snapchat isn't working... thanks Obama
anybody else's snapchat not working
When Snapchats not working you realise how essential it is in your life, so boring without it oh my
Trumps president and my snapchat isn't working.. what a day
