Team USA beating up on Team USA........ if you know what I mean. Looks like we now own Puerto Rico in more ways than one.
USA best baseball team in the World!
What an incredible tournament. I'm so proud of Team USA. Wow.
PR might have been the best team during the whole tournament but USA was better tonight
Well done team USA! Congrats to Jim Leyland.
Team USA wins! Great end to the
Just a reminder the Twins beat Team USA.. World Series here we come
Congratulations to Team USA!! They played very, very good and their skill was tremendous. I support only the best players in the world!
It's a shame no were on the team USA roster .. closest they would have come to a championship
Team USA champs! Ole glory blue and red!
Lol...the eagle(/chicken)? Is cracking me up congrats Team USA! Great tournament Puerto Rico!!
Great job by Manager Jim Leyland as he gets this team to the final for the 1st time and it's a rout. 8-0 USA.
Team USA did the damn thing
Watching Team USA win the WBC championship
Do you know what's fun? Winning! Congrats Team USA!
Team USA! World Baseball Champions! What a tournament. And what a way to get ready for baseball.
Dominant performance by team USA to win the championship!
team usa won the world juniors nd now we won the world baseball championships, we the goat sports country do not @
Congratulations to the USA baseball team for winning the World championship!
I have a feeling team USA will have no problems recruiting players for 2021;
Vatt Masgersian just called Team USA's roster, which consists of players who probably average $10MM/year, "workmanlike."
Team USA wins 8-0 dominating Puerto Rico now they're World Champs.
It's was Team USA game all the way.
Congratulations team USA on your WBC championship!!!!
How did Team USA win you ask?
Trumps Team USA just won the WBC for the first time EVER!
Congrats to Team USA on the victory. It was a great tournament this year. ;;PR, DR, and Japan all out on a show.
Team USA tonight, in a single GIF. cc
So tomorrow I'm probably gonna buy a Team USA WBC championship shirt
Congrats to team USA. Proud of you guys.
USA won. I'm glad. Puerto Rico earns my respect applauding Team USA victory lap. Both teams earn my respect as they acknowledge one another!
Congrats to Team USA - champs of the and to Puerto Rico which last time I checked is also part of the USA.
Waiting for Trump to congratulate Team USA winning WBC, even though he thinks America's pastime is stealing homes and wages.
Imagine if Team USA had Kershaw, Sale, Trout and Harper?
Does Team USA now go the White House?
A wait of 108 years was nothing compared to the 241-year drought for Team USA.
WBC Notes: Andrew McCutchen Drives In a Pair, As Team USA Wins First WBC Title via
Watch Trump take credit for Team USA at the
Congratulations team USA awesome win
I have a lot of respect for team USA's manager.
Where's the congratulations to Team USA from on their championship?
Love to Jim Leyland and Team USA for bringing the W home
Very nice of Pete Davidson to take time off from SNL to play for Team USA
He spilled the TEA Team USA!!!
MLB: RT WBCBaseball: For country. For glory. For you.;;Rep Team USA now.
RT KyleAGlaser: Eric Hosmer gets a double play ball but the ball gets stuck in his glove. Still, gets an out and Team USA is one out away
Every MLB stadium should give standing ovations to everyone from team USA when they visit your ballpark!!
USA wins ! I'll take that over my favorite team winning the World Series every time
Congrats Team USA. Great baseball in March. And great work by our local KC guys and
The Cubs win the World Series and then Team USA wins the ! Wow baseball never disappoints me!
Congratulations Buster, B-Craw, and the entire Team USA!
me watching videos of Team USA winning the
Marcus Stroman; MVP for Team USA, MVP in my heart
RT espn "Team USA celebrates in true American fashion.
Adam Jones Tells The TRUTH About Team USA's Motivation
WBC was super fun, go USA but also go all the other teams that was a blast. Need that more than every four years.
Sad tho that this will be the only title some guys on Team USA will win in their entire pro careers....
TeamUSA wins 2017WBC;Sent w/ At Bat What a run. DR &amp; PR looked strong but USA pulls it off!
Congratulations to Team USA on their WBC Championship! Also a tip of the cap to Puerto Rico for their impressive WBC run!
