Tristram Hunt's resignation, following last month, could well spark a trend in moderate Labour MPs seeing their futures elsewhere.
Tristram Hunt is stepping down as an MP as well? Bring on the by-election! Big Leave seat, though. We'll need to be careful.
Another by-election. This time Labour's Tristram Hunt quitting.;;Won't need a GE in 2020, we'll have done it seat by seat by then...
BREAKING | Tristram Hunt MP quits, triggering by-election in Stoke-on-Trent Central.;;Stoke backed Leave with 69.4% of the vote.
Tristram Hunt ot quit as PM to become V&amp;amp;A director
From guardianculture : Tristram Hunt to quit as MP to become V&amp;A director
With Tristram Hunt leaving Parliament, how ever will the labour movement manage to continue?
The best Tristram Hunt moment: 'we might all be feeling like the inside of a pig's head'
Tristram Hunt quitting parliament to run the V&amp;A - another huge blow to Labour
Tristram Hunt to quit as MP to become V&amp;A director
Tristram Hunt to resign as an MP
Labour must hope that Tristram Hunt's resignation isn't start of big brain drain.
Labour MP Tristram Hunt quits to become director of V&amp;A Museum
Tristram Hunt resigns as MP Stoke - jumping before pushed?
Tristram Hunt to quit being Labour MP to become new Director. Interesting choice...
Tristram Hunt triggers byelection;;;Why is this a blow for Labour? I see it as an opportunity! Let's increase our maj
Tristram Hunt quits as Labour MP to run V&amp;A. One is an institution created in Victorian time and stuffed with relics from a bygone age...
Exclusive: Tristram Hunt to be V&amp;A director ^ITV
Tristram Hunt was a fine PM, the V&amp;A's gain is parliament and Stoke-0n-Trent's loss.
When I heard the words 'Hunt' &amp; 'step down' I felt a little happy...Til I realised it was just Tristram!
Tristram Hunt to quit as Labour MP to be V&amp;A Museum's director, triggering by-election in Stoke-on-Trent Central
The departure of Tristram Hunt is no sad loss for British pubic service...
At 10 with Annie - Find out why Labour's Tristram Hunt is to stand down as an MP
Tristram Hunt resignation triggers byelection in Stoke-on-Trent: deindustrialisation, unemployment, apathy and UKIP
Request to &amp; other media - ask Tristram Hunt one straight question: "Do you want to win the by-election you've caused?"
Tristram Hunt is quitting as a Labour MP to be V&amp;A's director, triggering a by-election in Stoke-on-Trent Central
Tristram Hunt quits as MP, centrists seeing Labour's (woeful lack of) future written on the wall. More Lab byelections in 2017?
Todays News. Labour's Tristram Hunt quitting as MP to head V&amp;A Museum
Does this mean Tristram Hunt's going to be producing even more questionable history :(
Tristram Hunt to quit as MP to become V&amp;A director
Tristram Hunt quits as Labour MP triggering by-election in 'Brexit capital of UK'
Labour's Tristram Hunt quitting as MP to head V&amp;A Museum
Tristram Hunt's resignation not as big a blow to Labour as self regarding Hunt thinks, but a blow. No stomach for it
Such sad news about Tristram Hunt.
I thought Tristram Hunt was the Great Hope?
Check to know why Tristram Hunt is trending at 5 in world at 13/01/2017 05:03:34 am
Tristram Hunt quits as MP after finally realising he's not in the Tories.
Much as I despise Tristram, it was the wrong Hunt who resigned.
Don't miss: talking about Tristram Hunt. Details: Share the best with
Labour MP Tristram Hunt quits triggering by-election
A Husband Divorced His Wife After Looking Closer At This Picture;Tristram Hunt ;
Tristram Hunt to quit as MP to become V&amp;A director
Tristram Hunt going. Beginning to think these resignations of Corbyn-sceptics might be part of something quite subtle.
First Zac Goldsmith now Tristram Hunt... Soon there will be no hotties left in parliament!
Tristram Hunt to resign as Labour MP
Quick anecdote: Taxi driver told me that, giving a ride to Tristram Hunt before the EU referendum, he was convinced to vote remain.
Tristram Hunt to become the next V&amp;A director! Congratulations
On Tristram Hunt: never widely regarded in local area anyway, regarded as a silver-spoon parachuted candidate
Tristram Hunt announced as the next Director of the V&amp;A
Tristram Hunt will be a sorely missed in the Commons but the V&amp;A are very lucky to have him. Brilliant historian!;;
Tristan Hunt, Labour, resigned Stoke-on-Trent as MP &amp; will b V&amp;A Director. 3 Labour MPs w/in a few months? Attempt to ruin Labour by Tories?
Labour's Tristram Hunt quitting as MP to head V&amp;A:
Tristram Hunt to quit as Labour MP to be V&amp;A Museum's director, triggering... by via
Tristram Hunt was never a potential Labour leader. He has the lowest % of votes, of any elected MP in the Country - less than 20%.
As with Jamie Reed, v.sad that Tristram Hunt has quit as an MP. A very smart thinker with so much to contribute to a centre-left revival.
....and another...any more?;;Labour's Tristram Hunt quitting as MP to head V&amp;A Museum -
Tristram Hunt was a cautious politician who struggled to inspire, but he's a fine historian and seems a good appointment for the V&amp;A
Exclusive: Tristram Hunt to be V&amp;A director (
Labour MP Tristram Hunt decided to throw his toys out of the pram &amp; quits as an MP to become the director of London's V&amp;A Museum...
