Inside out wins best animated short film
The best animated short film goes to Bear Story.
 
I haven't seen many of the best pictures but I HAVE seen all the animated shorts
"Best Short Animation"? Gotta be
at this point, id be happy if carol (2015) won best animated film
THIS IS SO ME! Except for the 'my bestfriend is an animal' cause I don't have pets :(
"And the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature Film is...Insid--";;"Mad Max: Fury Road.";;"What?";;"Wut."
Best Animated Film frontrunner. Do you guys think INSIDE OUT should have sneaked into the Best Picture category?
Inside Out for best animated feature is the safest bet of the evening, by far.
Can Mad Max win best animated short?
ANIMATED SHORT FILMS IS THE BEST PART
Up Next, presented by the minions is Best Animated Short, here is a timeline of the previous winners
Maybe they're sad that they're not nominated for best animated feature
Mad max gonna win best animated short film
Best animated short film - Bear Story by Gabriel Osorio and Pato Escala
Nominated for Best Animated Short Film is by Toronto based animator Richard Williams &amp; his wife Imogen Sutton
Best Animated Short Film Oscar goes to Bear Story! Congratulations!!
Bear Story picks up Best Animated Short
"Bear Story" wins Best Animated Short.
BEAR STORY takes it home for Best Animated Short, but we suggest you just go watch WORLD OF TOMORROW. It's on Netflix.
Best Animated Short goes to...Bear Story. Also, my favorite night at the Alley. You know what I'm talking 'bout.
Best Animated Short Film goes to.... Bear Story aka The Revenant (jk)
If there was any justice Lily and the Snowman should have been nominated for best animated short
Best Animated Short Film;Want: World of Tomorrow Winner: Bear Story
The Oscar for the best animated short film goes to: BEAR STORY;Gabriel Osorio and Pato Escala
What a year for Chile: Copa America AND Best Animated Short Film!
Best Animated Short Film: Gabriel Osorio, Pato Escala, BEAR STORY
Didn't see Bear Story winning Best animated short film. Oh well. 7 for 12
Bear Story won best animated short
Bear Story wins for best animated short. Wow. Made me cry...
Best Animated Short is just trolling Leo now...
The for Best Short Film (Animated) goes to
So Bear Story winning Best Animated Short is the same as The Revenant winning Best Picture right? So Mad Max will win now right?
BEST ANIMATED SHORT FILM: BEAR STORY by Gabriel Osorio &amp; Pato Escala.
Wow! Bear Story never showed up on any of my lists for Best Animated Short lists- good for them! Good for Chile- their first Oscar!
Gah, I'll have to find out who was nominated and who won for Best Animated...the only award I really care about, but always disappoints me.
I like to imagine that Bear Story, the Best Animated Short Film winner, deals with the aftermath of the death of the Bear in
congrats to Joe Allen for winning best animated short. because he's animated and short.
BREAKING: Bear story wins animated short LTT a animated short winner went on to win Best Picture, was TITANIC in 1998! ugh wait...
animation category is always the best tbh
Best animated film is gonna be Inside Out;;what, did you think Anomalisa has a real chance?
At least the animated characters announcing Best Animated Feature are speaking a language.
Ask me how much I love bears. BEAR STORY won best animated short film.
I bought danimals and it's the best thing I've spent money on in my entire life
Was that best animated foreign film
My prediction for best animated movie is Inside out.
Inside Out - of course ;) Best Animated Feature
And Inside Out wins for best Animated Film!
wins Best Animated Feature well done.
Animated Short Film acceptance speech also up for best of the night. It was up against a potential Hertzfeldt win, so good on them.
And the Oscar for Best Animated Feature Film goes to...Inside Out!
Please note THE GOOD DINOSAUR isn't up for best animated feature. Because it was horrible.
Best Animated Feature. Hope Anomalisa wins, but Inside Out will probably take this.
No matter what happens in best animation, Anomalisa SHOULD win.
Best Animated Feature;Should Win -;Val: Inside Out;Marty: Inside Out;Will Win -;Val: Inside Out;Marty: Inside Out
Best Animated Feature Film winner: Inside Out ;
The for Best Animated Feature Film goes to Pete Docter and Jonas Rivera for
Congratulations to Inside Out for winning the Oscar for Best Animated Film
And Woody and Buzz present Best Animated Feature to...Inside Out! Hurrah!
Pixar presents Pixar the Best Animated Award! Congrats Inside Out!
And the winner for best animated movie...mad max fury road
Bear Story wins Best Animated Short Film, the first Oscar for the nation of Chile
Best Animated Feature is presented by Buzz &amp; Woody to Inside Out at the Seems only fair
Best Animated Feature Film. My pick: Inside Out.
Best Animated Feature Film OF COURSE went to Inside Out.;Pixar is always taking this award.;
What are the best animated films from last year not nominated for an Oscar?
wins for Best Animated Feature!
Best Animated Feature: INSIDE OUT! Well done! Loved how the film took difficult neuro-psych concepts and translated into abstract animation
Congrats 'Best Animated Film' Inside Out
Pixar characters present the Oscar to a Pixar movie. Should we just rename Best Animated to Best Pixar?
inside deserved winner for best animation, the way into explored the child mind was just so beautiful, sweet and moving!
Inside Out: Animated Feature Film. It should've been nominated for Best Feature Film. Absolutely Amazing!
Sweet! wins 'Best Animated Feature'! Well deserved! Congrats
Best Animated Feature? Dare I say was one of the best films of the year!
Best Animated Film goes to...
Congrats to Minnesota's Pete Docter on the win for best animated. It was a no brainer. What a fantastic flick.
Loved it! RT So much joy! wins Best Animated Feature at the
At least the best animated film actually won
for best animated feature film goes to -
Knowing Woody and Buzz just presented the Best Animated Film it was pretty obvoius "Inside Out" was gonna win, but anyways, Congrats, Pixar!
No surprises - wins Best Animated Feature. Terrific terrific film!
So.. Inside Out won Best Animated Feature.. now who didn't see that coming?
No surprise Inside Out won best animated feature film
Yayyy. Unsurprising win for Best animation - should've been up for best picture.
Inside Out wins best animated feature at the
Best presenter ANIMATED FEATURE FILM win
Does Kevin Hart present for best animated or best short?
was pretty much a lock for best animated film
Best animation this year!! Congrats to for winning best animated feature film
Surprise. Inside out wins best animated feature film
YEAH !!! won Best animated movie at !!! it was definitely the right choice !! happy is reigning emotion now !
Congratulations on the best Disney animation award.
Loved seeing and come to life to announce as the winner of the Best Animated Picture
I guess was too graphic to win the best animated feature. :/
And the Best Animated Film award goes to 'Inside Out'
"Inside Out" wins Best Animated Feature. Here;are the 2016 Oscars winners so far:;
