Tsunami warning after 7.3 magnitude earthquake hits Fukushima in Japan
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan,Tsunami warning indicated.

Tsunami warning issued for coast of Japan
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake Strikes Fukushima Area Of Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued by via
news....Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
struck by large 7.3 EQ strikes Japan. Tsunami warning in effect! RT!
Japan braces for a tsunami holy crap?
BREAKING: Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
"Tsunami warning issued after 7.3 magnitude quake in Japan; residents urged to flee Fukushima coast - b"...
. Power M7.3 Earthquake Strikes Fukushima Area Of Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued
AP: 7.3 magnitude strikes off coast of Fukushima, Japan; Tsunami warning issued
7.3 Quake hits Fukushima in Japan. Tsunami warning has been issued
They've just finished building a wall around that Nuclear Reactor from the last Tsunami. ;;Nature is trolling Japan.
7.3 magnitude earthquake in the Fukushmina area of Japan with tsunami expected. ; live video:
Japan 'the Most Prepared Place in the World' for a Tsunami via FWIW
Tsunami warning after strong earthquake hits Japan
Japan and tsunami - fingers crossed!
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake Strikes Off Fukushima in Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued via
earthquake Namie, Japan. 7.3 prelim - NO Tsunami warning issued as of yet.
Watching news of the magnitude 7.3 earthquake in Fukushima, Japan on Tsunami height expected to reach three meters.
Japan earthquake: 7.3 magnitude quake strikes off Fukushima - tsunami warning issued via
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit the coast of Fukushima prefecture in Japan at 5:50 AM on November 22nd. ;;Tsunami warning is alarming now.
I'm so glad I live in a time where I can see news of an earthquake/tsunami warning in Japan and immediately text my mom to see if she's ok
Tsunami warning after strong earthquake hits Japan - Sky News
7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Fukushima prefecture in Japan. Tsunami warning issued. My thoughts are with all my friends in Japan.
Reuters: RT ReutersWorld: MORE: Tsunami to strike Fukushima coast within minutes - Japan broadcaster NHK
Quake followed by tsunami concerns in Japan:
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast of Fukushima in Japan. Evacuation warnings for tsunami.
Japan earthquake strikes off Fukushima, tsunami warning issued via
Japan Earthquake7.3 magnitutde. That is pretty bigaan only 160 miles from Tokyo. Tsunami alert issued.5.3 was days ago, too
BREAKING: Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 7.3 off eastern Japan - NHK via
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan
Tsunami Warning Issued After 7.3 Magnitude Earthquake in Japan: via
Prayers and thoughts - 7.3 earthquake off the coast of Japan near Fukushima. Tsunami warning in place.
A tsunami will occur in Japan
7.3 earthquake in Japan. Tsunami coming too it sounds like. Pray for them there.
Japan issues tsunami warning after magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast near Fukushima
So far, no sight of a tsunami off Japan's coast. Officials expecting a 3-meter wave to strike shortly.
Tsunami Warning Issued After Quake Off Fukushima in Japan - Bloomberg
Tsunami may be 3 meters or higher after earthquake off Fukushima, Japan, NHK announces via
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan
TOKYO (AP) -- Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
Tsunami warning after 7.3 earthquake hits Japan via
This!;Japan tsunami warning after earthquake off the coast of ;;
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake off Fukushima in Japan
A tsunami warning is in effect for Japan's Fukushima Prefecture after a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck off of Honshu at 5:59 a.m. Tuesday
Tsunami warning issued after Japanese earthquake
With this earthquake, the Japan Meteorological Agency announced a tsunami warning on the coast of Fukushima Prefecture.
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake Strikes Off Fukushima in Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued
Guys we all need to pray for people in Japan atm. Tsunami warning has been given off
Mag-7.3 quake strikes Japan; tsunami warning issued
Tsunami warning issued after 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes Japan
BBC News - Japan tsunami warning after earthquake
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.3 has struck off the coast of Fukushima prefecture in Japan. A tsunami warning for waves
Tsunami Warning Issued After Quake Off Fukushima in Japan
Tsunami warning issued for Japan after earthquake strikes off Fukushima
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, triggering tsunami warning
Tsunami warning for Fukushima after strong earthquake hits Japan
Earthquake hits off coast of Fukushima in Japan; tsunami warning issued -
BREAKING NEWS: 3-METER TSUNAMI EXPECTED IN PARTS OF JAPAN FOLLOWING POWERFUL EARTHQUAKE.
Following 7.3M earthquake/tsunami warning in Eastern Japan, live NHK TV stream currently broadcasting in English:
Breaking: another large earthquake (7.3) hits Fukushima in Japan. Tsunami warning issued.;Hoping everyone ok. Be careful out there.
Japan earthquake: 7.3 magnitude quake strikes off Fukushima - tsunami warning issued
New post: "Tsunami Warning Issued in Japan Following 6.9 Magnitude Quake"
M7.3 hit Japan 5:56am Tuesday, MeteorologicalAgency issuing tsunami advisories for much of the nation's northern Pacific coast.
No Tsunami threat to the US after a 6.9 Earthquake off the east coast of Japan...
Retweeted NEWSTALK1010 ( tsunami warning has been issued for Japan after a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck.
Just heard there's been a big earthquake in Japan &amp; a tsunami warning. I hope &amp; Jane are ok? Safe travels! Xxx
First an earthquake and now a potential tsunami. Pray for Japan. May God have mercy on everyone affected.
Independent: Tsunami warning issued after 6.9 earthquake strikes Japan
Earthquake sparks Japan tsunami warning
Big earthquake and tsunami warning in Japan. Hope all our brothers and sisters are OK. &lt;3
Japan hit by 7.3 magnitude earthquake, prompting tsunami warning
Japan Earthquake Today: 7.3-Magnitude Hits Near Fukushima, Tsunami Warning Issued 2017
Tsunami warning issued after 6.9 quake off Fukushima in Japan
Tsunami warnings on Japanese TV
Japan issues tsunami warning after magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast near... by via
A tsunami was detected 20km off the coast of Iwaki, Fukushima in Japan. RUN! JUST RUN!
Earthquake sparks Japan tsunami warning
Tsunami warning for up to 10-foot waves issued for Japan after quake off Fukushima.
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake off Fukushima, Japan
Fukushima,Japan;6.9 Earthquake;Tsunami warning has been issued;10 people have already died
Very large earthquake has shaken northern Japan - tsunami warnings are in effect along the coast
If you are in Japan watch out!!!!! Tsunami warning Fukushima Prefecture
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan...
Watch the LIVE coverage from Japan following the major earthquake and possible tsunami.
Japan tsunami warning after earthquake
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued
Japanese broadcaster NHK now reports the tsunami has been seen 20km from the coast.
Tsunami warning issued after 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes Japan
Japan 7.3 magnitude quake near Fukushima with tsunami alert triggered
Major quake hits Fukushima, Japan, site of 2011 tsunami and meltdown
Another earthquake and Tsunami in Japan. S hit
7.3 Earthquake Hits Japan at Fukushima, Triggering Tsunami Warning
DEVELOPING: Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes near Fukushima, Japan. Tsunami warning issued. More to come
Tsunami Warning Issued in Japan Following 6.9 Magnitude Quake [Updating]
7.3 Magnitude Earthquake hits Fukushima, Japan. 3 Meter Tsunami warning at this time (22 November, 2016, 5:59am)
Just In&gt;&gt; ";Tsunami warning issued after 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan; " ;
Significant 7.3 Magnitude Earth Quake Near NE Japan - Tsunami Imminent, Numerous Warnings... via
I am worried for my japanese friend about the big earthquake and a tsunami is comming... It's awful !!
Japan Earthquake Today: 6.9-Magnitude Hits Near Fukushima, Tsunami Warning Issued via
Japan issues tsunami warning after magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast near... by via
Powerful 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes off Japan, tsunami warning issued
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan
Tsunami warning for up to 10-foot waves issued for Japan after quake off... by via
Japan earthquake: 7.3 magnitude quake strikes off Fukushima - tsunami warning issued via
Powerful quake hits Japan, Fukushima residents urged to flee tsunami - Reuters
Earthquake sparks Japan tsunami warning
Reuters: RT ReutersWorld: MORE: Tsunami observed 20 km off coast of Fukushima's Iwaki - Japan broadcaster NHK.
Tsunami warning after 7.3 earthquake hits Japan
Tsunami statement after 7.3 Japan quake.
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast of Fukushima in Japan. Evacuation warnings for tsunami.
pray for Japan they just had an earthquake hope they don't have another tsunami
