Karun Nair scores a double century
Karun Nair became 3rd Indian to score a double century. 

and some people were doubting Karun Nair's selection in the team
Karun Nair for Double Century
. survives a LBW, Karun Nair 5 away from 200.;;It's been another session to forget for England. India lead by 105.;;
Karun Nair nears a double century as India extend their lead over England.
Definetly KL Rahul will be giving more tips to young Karun Nair right now
Karun Nair 195* &amp; Ashwin 53* ... India has won all the tests when hits 50+ scores .. hope it continues with this game too
Karun Nair becomes the third Indian batsman to convert maiden Test 100 to 200. Others: D Sardesai (200*) &amp; V Kambli (224);
Karun Nair did justice today , one hundred for Kerala and one hundred for Karnataka ! Congrats karun126 Well done !
Karun Nair never made it to 199, good for him.;;
Karun Nair, YOU BEAUTY :) So happy for you...very very well played.
Double hundred! Take a bow Karun Nair!
Karun Nair becomes the 3rd Indian to convert his maiden Test 100 to a 200 after Dilip Sardesai (200*) &amp; Vinod Kambli (224).
Yay! 200 up , well done Karun Nair. 's test career is over now? :P
What a knock this is from Karun Nair,his Ranji mate must be devastated not to score that 1run...;
Karun Nair joins the double centurions club with a boundary! But spare a thought for Rahul too.
Too much of from Cricket field today. first, Pakistan and Asad Shafiq and now Karun Nair just killing England
WelDone Karun Nair you are the one eho among three first hundred tuned into double hundred.
5th Test: Karun Nair slams maiden Test double century;;
Congrats Karun nair for your double century against England making all kanadigas proud
Karun Nair becomes the 3rd Indian to convert his maiden Test 100 to a 200 after Dilip Sardesai (200*) &amp; Vinod Kambli (224).
Cricket : Karun Nair hits maiden double ton, India set for first-innings lead
Wat a Terrific Double Ton by Karun Nair! This guy really showed the Character!! Take a bow young Man
5th test, Chennai: Karun Nair hits his maiden double century
Kanpur's pride Karun Nair! Takes guts and gomti gutkha to not get out at 199.
Nice to see Karun Nair make his first century into a daddy 100! A double century. Please forget Rohit Sharma for tests.
Well played Karun Nair, well played!
Congrats for first 100 &amp; 200 "Karun Nair". Take a bow! Runs r cmng thick and Fast now, leading by 127. Shld allow Eng 10 ovrs today
Congrats Karun Nair on a magnificent 200. Maiden century and he is making it a memorable &amp; finest knock of his career.
Karun Nair and KL Rahul's success has ensured a path of no return for Rohit Sharma and Shikha Dhawan in Tests.
Karun Nair becomes 3rd Indian to convert maiden Test ton into a double century. ;
Karun Nair wouldn't even be playing this Test, a freak injury to Rahane helps Karun retain his spot and he gets a double ton.
First Test Century ends up being converted to a Double Century! Hats Off Karun Nair!
Karun Nair fastest Indian to score maiden 200 in Tests;;-via
Well done keep going..! ;Karun nair stretches his madien 100 to 200.
