Spotlight wins best original screenplay at the Oscar's
Spotlight wins for Best Original Screenplay at the Oscar's

Director-Revenant. Original Screenplay-Spotlight. Adapted Screenplay-The Big Short. Animated-Inside Out. Cinematography-Revenant.
Would love to understand the logic behind starting with the Original Screenplay category.
starting with original screenplay...that's different.
Spotlight vs Inside Out for original screenplay. Anomalisa snubbed. Straight Outta Compton shouldn't be there.
Starting with Best Original Screenplay, starting strong
OKAY MY GUESS IS...SPOTLIGHT for original screenplay.
Original Screenplay is the first award this year? It's my favorite category. All down hill from here.
Original screenplay should go to just saying
Spotlight should take home Original Screenplay
Con Best Original Screenplay me voy por Spotlight.
Best Original Screenplay prediction: Ex Machina or Spotlight. Both startlingly intense films.
I want Ex Machina for Original Screenplay, but my guess is Spotlight
I am liking the animation for original screenplay nominations. Top marks
Love this "original screenplay" setup
Loving this original screenplay presentation for the nominees
First gong for Spotlight.... Best Original Screenplay....
"Spotlight" wins best original screenplay
SPOTLIGHT wins BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
I love that they're reading lines from the scripts for Best Original Screenplay nominees!! Always my favorite category.
Spotlight takes the first award of the night, for best original screenplay.
Spotlight wins for Best Original Screenplay!
Nah Tarantino still wins original screenplay fck dat
Best Original Screenplay goes to..."Spotlight"! Congrats!
Best Original Screenplay Oscar not surprisingly goes to Well deserved!
And the award for Original Screenplay goes to Tom McCarthy &amp; Josh Singer win for
I love how they did the nominees for Best Original Screenplay
Well I got best original screenplay wrong
8NEWS: RT GMA: The for Best Original Screenplay goes to Spotlight.
. SPOTLIGHT FOR BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY YAYAYAYAYAY
I loved this film. SPOTLIGHT WINS BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY.
Best Original Screenplay Goes to .. Spotlight ;
Congratulations to for Best Original Screenplay.
CONGRATS to BUILD guest on winning Best Original Screenplay at the for
Have to see Any film that beats for best original screenplay needs to be seen!
Best original screenplay goes to spotlight. Well deserved.
Academy Award Winner for Best Original Screeenplay: Spotlight
Best Original Screenplay- Spotlight-Tom McCarthy
Original Screenplay goes to Spotlight, shame I've not actually seen it yet
wins Best Original Screenplay. Did you get that one right?
(Best Original Screenplay for SPOTLIGHT -- well deserved.)
"Spotlight" wins Best Original Screenplay
My prediction for best original screenplay was right
I liked how they showed part of the script while announcing the original screenplay nominees.
YEEESSS!! won best original screenplay!!
Original screenplay goes to Josh Singer &amp; Tom McCarthy for "Spotlight." Yay journalism!
'Spotlight' wins best original screenplay.
Dammit, Inside Out should have won Best Original Screenplay.
First academy award for spotlight!!;Original screenplay
winner for Best Orig. Screenplay, is
One for one after Original Screenplay. Congrats Spotlight.
Spotlight en Original Screenplay. Buena. Mi favorita era Inside Out, pero Spotlight se ve genial...
"Spotlight" needed to be made, and it's so deserving of Best Original Screenplay. But I was also rootin' for "Inside Out!"
is an amazing story and they did an excellent job finding the best way to tell it on screen. best original screenplay
First Oscar went to "Spotlight" for original screenplay.;
Spotlight is grossly overrated. Not the best original screenplay. Ex Machina should've won it
Spotlight just picked up the Best Original Screenplay Oscar, likely its final Oscar of the night... barring a Best Picture upset
Spotlight takes Best Original Screenplay!
LOVED the editing of the best original screenplay nominee sequence.
Didn't get original screenplay right
I don't know which would be better- an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay or a kiss from Charlize Theron. Tough call.
Yes. Just won that pick for Original Screenplay against Go Spotlight!
Congrats to Spotlight for Best Original Screenplay Oscar!!!
And we're off! takes the award for Original Screenplay.
Original Screenplay is the most desired category to all of us behind the magic that makes magic
Worthy Winner for original screenplay
First award of night - original screenplay - goes to Spotlight. Great PR for investigative journalism.
Shouldn't screenplays based off real life events be 'Adapted' and not 'Original'?
"Spotlight" wins for original screenplay over "Inside Out." But has a story to match
First goes to for Original Screenplay
Spotlight wins for Best Original Screenplay. Because Original = Retelling A Story We've Already Heard About.
Can someone explain why is an original screenplay when it was based on a comic?
'Spotlight' Wins Oscar For Best Original Screenplay
Josh Singer and Tom McCarthy win Best Original Screenplay for Spotlight.
WINS Original screenplay! Keep it up!
How they present the original and adapted screenplays were awesome! Congrats to spotlight and the big short in your wins.
WSJ: "Spotlight" wins best original screenplay. Follow our live coverage:
RT KVUE "And the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay goes to... "Spotlight" by Josh Singer and Tom McCarthy
I'm very happy that Spotlight won original screenplay. And Adam McKay made the jump from comedy nicely. Good for him.
- You wanna sue the Catholic Church?;- Yes.;Congratulations best Original Screenplay 2016 Academy Award winner
Congrats to on 'Best Original Screenplay'. Great Film. had to be a close second.
"We have to make sure this never happens again," says of abuse, accepting award for Best Orig. Screenplay.
'Spotlight' wins Academy Award for Original Screenplay - People
Independent: Best Original Screenplay goes to... Spotlight
