Terrorist attack in Paris
Tragic news in Paris after terrorist attacks.

Thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by terrorism in Paris tonight
Our thoughts tonight are with the people of Paris at this terrible time.
Thinking of the people of Paris tonight. Horrific news.
That's Paris for you tonight....
Thoughts with everyone involved in the events ongoing in paris tonight
If you find yourself without a safe place in Paris tonight, Parisians are using to give shelter.
Prayers and love go to Paris tonight, stay safe
Absolutely terrible news coming out of Paris tonight. Thoughts go out to everyone tonight, stay safe.
Thoughts and prayers with Beirut and Paris tonight.
I'm not very religious but tonight is different .... all prayers goes to Paris. It's utterly disgusting that someone would want to kill+
Every thought with our brothers and sisters in Paris tonight, how our generation reacts more important than ever
All eyes on Paris. Hoping everyone makes it home safe to their families tonight.
We are all Parisienne tonight. We share the sadness, shock, frustration, &amp; anger of France. We also share hope for hostages/injured/affected
What's happening in Paris tonight doesn't bear thinking about. Those poor people.
Paris is again attacked... We must to stay strong again tonight. Don't go out tonight please or stay where you're for this moment !
Thinking of Paris and its people tonight.
Horrendous news in Paris tonight. Emotionless killings, pure evil, guaranteed muslim extremists. Now's the time to show what we are made of
May St Denis and Our Lady of Lourdes intercede tonight for the people of Paris.
My faith in humanity dwindling with scenes in Paris tonight, horrific to see
I only pity the genuine asylum seekers cos most EU countries would reconsider their request after tonight's shooting in Paris.
take claim to tonights attacks around Paris and say more is to come
Paris tonight is unbelievably tragic and unbelievably close to us
PARIS ATTACKS - My thoughts are with the French people, and the victims of tonight's atrocities. :(
so shocked at what's happened in Paris tonight
for anyone who needs shelter on Paris streets tonight. Please retweet
My thoughts are with the people of Paris tonight.
Frightening news tonight from Paris. Thoughts are with those affected, their friends and families.
Thoughts and prayers with people of Paris tonight
It's horrible to hear what has happened in Paris tonight.
Thoughts are with Paris tonight.
Thinking of everyone in Paris tonight.
I love Paris so much, my thoughts are with everyone effected tonight
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris tonight... Stay safe. XxX
No point tweeting anything when something so heartbreaking has happened in Paris! Football can take a backseat tonight!
This is horrible - our thoughts and love are with you tonight, Paris.
Thoughts are with Paris tonight..
My thoughts go to all those suffering in Paris tonight, such a horrific tragedy.
we will not go down in Paris tonight
Watching France 24 and checking Twitter tonight as the horrors of Paris unfold. My thoughts are with the French tonight we stand with you.
Our hearts go out to our brothers and sisters in Paris tonight. Please stay safe friends.
thoughts and prayers going to Paris tonight. please stay safe
Thoughts and prayers for all of our friends in Paris tonight...a beautiful city scarred by terrorism once again.
Devastating news tonight from Paris, beautiful city having to deal with such a tragedy, thoughts &amp; prayers for everyone involved
Thoughts with those in Paris tonight
Jeb Bush: "Praying for Paris tonight. America will stand with you against terror."
Paris tonight is just another example of why we need to eliminate Muslims.
Really shocked with what's happened in Paris tonight. ;;
My thoughts with my friend Capitaine Patron of French National Police tonight. He &amp; his partner r based in Paris. Pray all safe.
Rip to all those lives lost in tonight's Paris attacks. Absolute animals and even bigger cowards killing inocent people
Thoughts tonight are with all of these in Paris. Innocents minding their own business being attacked by backward savages
thinking of the people of Paris tonight
Can't believe what is happening in Paris tonight - hoping all my friends there are safe - thoughts and prayers to everyone there the images
Thinking of everyone in Paris tonight. x
We are all Parisians tonight.
Thoughts with Paris and the rest of France tonight.
Retweeted BBC Breaking News ( PM David Cameron says he is "shocked by events in Paris tonight"...
Absolutely sickening scenes from Paris tonight. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with the people of France.
Our bodies are in America, our hearts are in Paris. Pray for the lives claimed and the lives in danger in Paris tonight.
Tragic news from Paris being completely disrespected by some horrific racist slurs by idiots. Had enough for tonight. I'm off.
Sending The LOVE to all in Paris tonight;
My thoughts are with the people in Paris tonight.........what is going there at the moment is quite horrific.......
If you are in Paris and need shelter tonight look at Please share
Prayers and thoughts with Parisians tonight. wounds of January reopened following these chilling attacks on innocent lives.
Horrible scenes in Paris tonight. Praying for no further deaths.
My heart is in the city of Paris tonight
Tragedy in Paris tonight just shows how fragile life is. Stay safe people.
Terrible things happening in Paris tonight. ;Dont understand what goes on in peoples heads to even think of doing these shocking things.
RT to show support to all who lost loved ones in Paris tonight.
Thinking of those in Paris tonight, cannot believe it!
Paris is under attack from ISIS. My heart goes out to the people of France tonight. Stay safe everyone
All my thoughts go to everyone in Paris tonight absolutely awful what's going on
thoughts are with paris tonight, it's heartbreaking &amp; unbelievable what is going on there right now.
Thoughts with those in Paris tonight
