Sam Smith wins best original song
Sam Smith wins Oscar for best song and dedicates the award to LGBTQ community.

why does sam smith look like balloony from phineas and ferb
Sam Smith Slays Writing's On The Wall At The 2016 Oscars After An Epic Intro By Sarah Silverman!: Sam Smith is...
Watch Sam Smith's Dapper Oscars 2016 Performance
ok but sAM SMITH LOOKS SO GOOD
after foreign language film, original song will be presented and I swear if Sam Smith take it I will... do nothing but be sad.
but, in particular, i didn't appreciate his little homophobic shade to Sam Smith when he was done with his performance.
Sam smith won a BET award. And that's all that ever needs to be said about that.
Damn, I really thought Sam Smith had a shot until now.
They're all actually pretty good minus Sam Smith. The best just aren't being played.
Lady Gaga's Performance &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The Weeknd and Sam Smith.;;What a Queen
lady gaga please stop sam smith
My soul is cringing at the thought of Sam Smith winning
Sam Smith already going "I TOLD you we should have had every vanquished Bond henchman singing backup!"
Sam smith is probably gonna win over gaga but gaga deserves the win and I hope she gets it
PLEASE no more Sam Smith.
bae, sam smith got this one!
Sam smith song better not win
YES SAM SMITH MY BABY
Am I the only person who hates Sam Smith?
Best Original Song: Writings on the Wall by Jimmy Napes and Sam Smith
I LOVE SAM SMITH BUT NO
Sam Smith deserved that one.
Sorry sam smith but that song was not that good and gaga deserves it more
Sam Smith, winner. Wow. Congrats to him - brilliant performer!
I don't know, pretty sure we heard this song earlier and it blew, Sam Smith;
Shout out to Sam Smith
Uh oh. The Gaga stans are gonna puke all over Sam Smith.
SAM SMITH IS LOSINH IT
ok i love sam smith but
Not surprised Sam Smith won that
Aw so happy for Sam Smith!!!
SAM SMITH AW IM SO HAPPY FOR HIM
Sam Smith is the leader of the minions I have proof
Ok, I love Sam Smith, BUT ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
Sam Smith for the win!!!!!
oscars: plays the sam smith song;me: falls asleep for his speech
Fuuuucckkk you Sam Smith is garbage. No way he deserves an Oscar.
I was gearing up to be angry if Gaga got the Oscar but Sam Smith is even worse.
Sam Smith is the most boring man ever
And now Sam smith updates his Grindr profile with "Oscar winner, if that matters to you"
Wait wasn't sam smith fat!
Sam Smith looking like Mac Miller now
I hate Sam Smith what the heck
Haven't we had enough of Sam Smith . He's amazing and all but I turned off his performance lol
this sam smith award is the only thing that hasn't let me down
I am so in love with Sam smith
SAM SMITH OUR PRECIOUS CHILD. HE IS ADORABLE.
Original Song Winner: 'Writings on the Wall' Jimmy Napes &amp; Sam Smith
IF SAM SMITH CRIES I CRY
Wow Sam Smith is living it up in 2016
Lady Gaga has a powerful moment sparking a new movement and then Sam Smith wins with the most boring Bond song in years.
Can we talk about how Sam Smith dropped a ton of weight? He doesn't look the same at all!;
ARE YOU KIDDING ME CAN SAM SMITH CHILL
Sam Smith looks like a friendly Vlade Divac
I want Sam smith to be my friend
Adele and Sam Smith are literally becoming the same person. They both have an Oscar for doing the James Bond theme songs
Sam Smith wanna be Adele so bad. He's even trying to snatch the Bond song Oscar from her. Bye.
lol how did sam smith win for that trash
And Sam Smith continues his streak of being the male Adele.
CONGRATULATIONS JIMMY NAPES &amp; SAM SMITH! And I stand by this quote:
UGH WHAT EVEN. SAM SMITH IS GARBAGE
I dislike that song but I love Sam Smith as a person so YAY!!!
Sam smith got an Oscar before Leo lmaooooooo
Some people look like they're giving Sam Smith the courtesy applause.
Its official... Sam Smith is the male Adele.
Sam Smith winning that Oscar over Abel like ... xo
IDGAF IF SAM SMITH ONE
sam smith is dead to me
Adele got Sam Smith out the paint right quick
Sam Smith makes me so happy oh my gosh ahhhhhhhh
I still can't get into Sam Smith... ;;
Sam Smith wins, thank you for agreeing with me Academy.
I love Sam Smith but Lady Gaga should've won
Sam Smith. I love you.
Writing's on the wall - Sam Smith
Awe I'm so proud of Sam Smith!
god i love sam smith
I don't dislike Sam Smith, but probably should just hand your Oscar over to kid.
Sam Smith is fat and a flop he's over I hope he drops the Oscar
stay in your lane sam smith
sam smith is so adorable
Tomorrow morning Sam Smith trophy gon be brown
Proud of Sam Smith. ;Love love love him.
SAM SMITH IS PULLING A TAYLOR SWIFT.
Ahhhh well done Sam Smith...
i actually hated writing's on the wall oops (but sam smith looks so happy so congrats to him!!)
But Sam Smith is my favorite so im happy
you can't even watch the oscars without sam smith winning something!!!
Sam smith is the cutest.
Bring back fat Sam Smith!
SAM SMITH YOU BETTER REPRESENT
SAM SMITH FOR WRITINGS ON THE WALL!!!!!!! OMG IM SO HAPPY FOR SAM HUHUHU
Sam Smith is slowly transforming into Jude Law
SAM SMITH IS SO CUTE WHAT
ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME? I'm sorry, I love Sam Smith, too, but that Lady Gaga song was a legend!
-looks at my TL- Sam Smith won an Oscar???
aw sam smith is so cute
Oh poor Sam smith doesn't even know what's coming to him
A movie about a narcissistic man beats out the sad story of victims of sexual violence. At least Sam Smith represent a minority group
I want to be like Sam Smith one day
El por original es para: Writing's on the wall, Jimmy Napes y Sam Smith.
And the for best song goes to...the least impressive song. But nice speech by Sam Smith
just got an oscar dedicated to me love u sam smith
Okay Sam Smith gave a great speech but that song was so boring.
Sam Smith is such a little faggot.
So did Sam Smith steal this song like he did his other hit
Grax Sam Smith LOVE WINS
I adore Sam Smith, but Gaga's song truly deserved the award. I'm still in tears.
Who's going to interpret for Sam Smith?
I knew it was going to be Sam Smith, somehow. Congratulations!
bless Sam Smith. What a guy.
Sam Smith is bringin' tears to my eyes
This is just like when Sam Smith won every award at the Grammy what BS
NO OPENLY GAY MAN HAS EVER WON A OSCAR.....BESIDES SAM SMITH KILL EMMMMMM
Sorry but that song sucked. I like Sam Smith but that song was bad. And if I recall correctly it was a ripoff of a Michael Jackson song.
Bad Kyle! RT It's just a shame that the rest of Sam Smith couldn't be here to see this.
Sam Smith such an Idol!! Your incredible
Sam Smith's Bond song was very bland
SAM SMITH IS THE LITERAL WORST
SAM SMITH JUST NOMINATED HIS OSCAR TO THE LGBT COMMUNITY;;HERE WE ARE
I proudly accept that dedication from Sam Smith thank you thank you
I admit it was awesome to see Sam Smith use his speech time for good
Does Sam Smith look shockingly like Justin Timberlake or is it just me?
Did anyone else not know sam smith is gay?
12 out of 20. Thanks to Samuel Smith.. Sarcastically, of course.
Best Original Song: "Writing's On the Wall" by Sam Smith, written by Sam Smith &amp; Jimmy Napes from "Spectre"
Sam smith just won himself an
SAM SMITH DEDICATING HIS AWARD TO LGBT COMMUNITY IM LEAKING
shut up Sam Smith we don't want you
Sam's Smith speech was succinct and sweet
Congrats to the remaining half of Sam Smith on his Oscar
Sam Smith is so cute
Sam Smith = poor man's Jude Law
Original song goes to...;;Sam smith;;
Didn't know Sam Smith was gay. Major respect to him
LADY GAGA AND DIANE WARREN DESERVED THAT OSCAR. I AM UPSET. but Sam smith is pretty great too so I'm not totally distraught
i love sam smith and that song but gaga should've won
Thought Sam Smith was gon be like "I DON'T LIKE MENS NO MORE!!"
Sam Smith just made me cry a little bit oh how precious
lmao does Sam Smith think being gay is still edgy
Bless you Sam Smith Okay I'll let the fact that you beat Gaga slide for that speech.
I mean Sam Smith needs to eat more cake
Lady Gaga was the image of gracious when Sam Smith won
Sam Smith "Writing's On The Wall" Well deserved
Sam Smith you deserve this
So much love for Sam Smith
So sam Smith is a gay.
TNX SAM SMITH BUT ALSO I HATED THIS SONG THO.
God damn..... I wanna be mad at Sam Smith for winning over Gaga but that speech was so cute.........
Sam Smith will be rich forever because he's the "other Baldwin brother" to Adele's Alec.
Well done Sam Smith, well deserved, brilliant song
Wasn't aware Sam Smith was gay. Was really hoping he'd have a child with Adele..
Saw Sam Smith at T last year, met a guy who must have just taken about 20 swedgers
Don't get me wrong I love Sam smith but............
Not watching the but you mean 2 tell me that Sam Smith's song won over THE song of the moment? Aka groundbreaking Lady Gaga
Sam Smith is showing more range than guy who won best supporting right now.
Love Sam Smith, but can't believe that song won over Till it Happens to You
Sam Smith's speech was awesome.
But Sam Smith is also good
Rima is literally the only person on my tl happy Sam smith won lol
Sam Smith winning an Oscar..... Gay
Congratulations SAM SMITH for winning Best Original Song!
Saaaaa. Sam smith original song porqueria
The only well deserved Oscar the academy awarded was to Sam Smith.
Sam Smith dedicates his Oscar to the LGBT community around the world.
Hey Sam Smith: no openly gay person has won an Oscar. Uhhh Elton John would disagree with you.
Lady Gaga upset for best original song by Sam Smith. And I didn't vote for either.
Best original Song - Writing's on the wall (Sam Smith)
look, I love and respect Sam Smith...but Lady Gaga crushed it and should've won not gonna lie
Boos all around for Sam Smith's win. After that Lady Gaga performance, it seems wrong.
Why does Sam Smith keep winning all of these awards? And don't say "his music is good" BECAUSE IT ISN'T
Sam Smith i am so proud of you and I love you with all my heart.
SAM SMITH JUST WON AN OSCAR
And the winner for is Jimmy Napes and Sam Smith for 'Writing's on the wall" for
Biggest crime of the night as worst Bond song of all time wins best original song. Sorry Sam Smith, you're not the first gay winner.
The dude who broke Sam Smith must be crying in a corner right now
Sam Smith snaps the Best Original Song Award for 'Spectre' ;;;
Not a fan of Sam Smith, but I did like his speech. Had no idea he was gay!
I would have been fine with literally anyone but Sam Smith
Sam Smith is the "after" picture that nobody believes is real.
Wait Sam Smith won... well that is weird seeing it was the worst Bond song.
Sam Smith saved my life
Congrats to Sam Smith for joining Juicy J as an illustrious Oscar winning singer
Leave it to the Oscars to co-opt something for real important for garbage like Sam Smith
Jimmy Napes &amp; Sam Smith dedicate the Award to LGBT group all around the world.
Yes Sam Smith representing the LGBT community!!
Okay okay I meannn Earned it SHOULD have won but I expected Lady Gaga because 50 Shades would never win but Sam Smith w/ the upset
q discurso do sam smith...
Don't hate me but I don't love Sam smith something about him bugs me I'm literally scared to tweet this
Star Wars didn't win best score, but Sam Smith won best song for Writing's On The Wall so I am only mildly dissatisfied
Dog, Sam Smith has won Golden Globe, Grammys, Oscars, wtf. When does he not kill it?
Just for perspective: Sam Smith has an Oscar. Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp do not.
Hands up if you liked Sam Smith's song *no hands raised*
Awe really Sam Smith?? Smh My poor Able...
Sam Smith just dedicated his Oscar to the LGBTQ society. Looks like I have an Oscar everyone
Congratulations, Sam Smith, for Best Song! I'm pretty sure that openly gay men have won Oscars before, just not for acting.
What a joke award. Screw Sam Smith.
Sam Smith's acceptance was beautiful, and so important. I still wish Gaga won though. That song was a potent message.
guardian: Here's the IanMcKellen interview mentioned by samsmithworld as he collected his award at the
SAM SMITH CANCION. BECAUSE JAMES BOND.
SO Happy for Sam Smith!!!!
good for Sam smith's speech but gaga deserved that goddamn award
The Sam Smith speech wasn't a home run for everyone, it seems. Song was garbage, too. Worst Bond song, perhaps ever.
Well, commendable job by Sam Smith to make his win about something after Lady Gaga's performance
The LGBT community congratulates you Sam Smith!
First Meghan Trainor wins a Grammy, now Sam Smith wins an Oscar good lord
Hopefully Filipinos understood what Sam Smith said because obviously a lot of bigots here consider the third gender as an abomination.
STOP TRYING TO MAKE SAM SMITH THE MALE ADELE
Sam Smith and Jimmy Napes win Original song from
Another reason why I dislike Sam Smith...
WOW Congrats Sam Smitth!! Congrats SPECTRE!
That Sam Smith song is really bad - one of the worst Bond theme songs I've ever heard.
my baby sam smith love you
You can be upset with the fact that Sam Smith won the for Writing on the Wall... but don't dismiss his message just because you are
Okay, that was actually a great speech by Sam Smith, I am very glad to see an out gay man win an Oscar for the first time
'Earned It' is a better song than Sam Smith's.
LOL, Sam Smith is not the first gay person to win an Oscar, I'm sure. He tried so hard to justify his win for that FLOP song.
I am so MAD roasting Sam smith until his music career ends in a few years
I love Sam Smith and I applaud him for his speech, but that win should have been Lady Gaga's.
Sorry, but Sam Smith's Bond theme was terrible. Just terrible.
You'd think Sam Smith and Ian McKellen would know.
Best Original Song Goes to Sam Smith for The Writing's on the Wall
Gaga looking at Sam Smith is how I want people to look at me
LMFAOOO RT Fubicdzogtfovrdocrhys RT Aye who said Sam Smith is the only bottom to win an Oscar?
"Writings On The Wall" may have actually brought me to appreciate Sam Smith.
I hope Sam Smith does a Macklemore-style apology on Instagram for winning
Actually, I think the LGBT community would have rather seen Gaga win, Sam Smith...
More Ennio Morricone in the world less Sam Smith
"Lady Gaga should have won...but I'll settle for Sam Smith" Preach
8NEWS: RT Morgan8news: Sam Smith can add winner to his resume. The Bond tune "Writings on the Wall" takes the trophy for Best Song
Galloway cried tears of joy when Sam Smith won
Let it Go &gt; Essa merda do Sam Smith
Did Sam Smith just shade Elton John by saying he was the first ever openly gay man to win the Oscar? Honey, have...
Gaga should come on stage and snatch Sam smith weave tbh
If you listen Gaga's song Then Sam Smith's boring song You Will notice How bad is Gaga's
My brother is hurt because he just found out that Sam Smith is gay
Literally Gaga was robbed and Sam Smith is a plague in gayland and he needs to be eradicated.
Mom just cheered (&amp; came over to high-5 me) when Sam Smith acknowledged the LGBT community in his Oscar acceptance.
Apparently Sam Smith had to squeeze his testicles to hit the octaves needed for the Spectre song. He earned that statue.
So for how long people will discuss that Sam Smith is actually gay? Lol
Sam Smith misinformed me. I retract my earlier statement of retracting my earlier statement.
remember when sam smith couldn't even hit the notes of his own song just over an hour ago
Sam Smith is ten days younger than I am and he just won an Oscar. Obviously I need to step up my life game...
I guess Sam smith can win.....
Do we really need to be reaffirming Sam Smith to keep writing music right nkw
Even from Hawaii Sam Smith is a hack
'but, abe, you're just one man with a dream. how will sam smith see your discouraging tweets?' i'm glad you asked
Well Sam Smith pulling off the upset gives me hope that Leo will still remain Oscar-less
Wonderful speech by Sam Smith.
Sam Smith peaked with his vocals on Latch and it has been all downhill since then.
Has Sam Smith ever heard of Sir Elton John?
Forget Chris Rock ... biggest joke of the Oscars is that insipid piece of rubbish from Sam Smith winning best song!!
Manta ray song or GaGa song shoulve won. Sam Smith only won because he's... nvm.
I expected him to lose to gaga not Sam smith lol welp
