Mark Rylance wins Best Supporting Actor for Bridge of Spies
Mark Rylan got the best supporting actor at the Oscar's.

Wow kinda cruel having Michael B. Jordan present at the award show that snubbed him but not his supporting actor
Who says no RT BB8 for best supporting actor.
Mad Max:Fury Road is cleaning up right now! Hoping Stallone gets supporting actor!
TOM HARDY FOR BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR PLS!!!
Best Supporting Actor nominee Tom Hardy rocks aviators and a three-piece suit as he arrives at the Oscars with...
and the best supporting actor goes to... MAD MAX LMAO
Jared Leto winning Best Supporting Actor...
Hardy, pls win best supporting actor
BB-8 deserves best supporting actor
For Best Supporting Actor Portraying a Dual Role in a Harry Potter Movie... the winner is... Trump
Best supporting actor goes to Tom Hardy!
How could any of you watch the Oscars still when they snubbed Cam'ron for "Best Supporting Actor Award" in Paid In Full?
Combine the Best Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor, Supporting Actress categories and give it to Charlize Theron for Mad Max.
Best Supporting Actor nominee Tom Hardy rocks aviators and a three-piece suit as he arrives at the Oscars with wife
E/2387 Supply, Installation and Commissioning of an Automated Laboratory Reactor: tender published by Universi...
did they do supporting actors and all leads yet?
I am wrong, but Mark Ruffalo for best supporting actor.
Its lead actor, Tom Hardy, is also nominated for Best Supporting Actor, for 'The Revenant'. Earlier on, Alicia Vikander won (cont)
Now supporting actor is going to be interesting
Hope Stallone wins supporting actor
A guide to the Oscars nominees for best supporting actor, in case you haven't seen their performances
What movies came out the same year as Paid In Full? I wanna know who got Cam'Ron's Best Supporting Actor award
And winner for best supporting actor goes to Trump for his work for the far left &amp; being a giant ignoramus.
here goes supporting actor. Should be Benicio but he's not even nominated
Tom Hardy for best supporting actor!
Patricia Arquette presents the award for best Supporting Actor.
Batman vs Bane in the Best Supporting Actor category
WAIT THIS IS SUPPORTING ACTOR NVM
But this is best supporting actor so I get it
If Tom Hardy doesn't win best supporting actor I'll be so disappointed.
Tom hardy deserves best supporting actor
Tom Hardy is really good at being a supporting actor.
Too much talent! Tough choices am sure best supporting actor
I would definitely pick for best supporting actor. Absolutely amazing performance.
Prediction for best supporting actor: Mark Ruffalo
Best supporting actor goes to me in Perham 's journey to the Top!
Best Supporting Actor goes to Mark Rylance for
"I hope Tom Hardy wins best supporting for The Revenant but Leo doesn't win best actor"-actual filth that came out of my boyfriends mouth
Best Supporting Actor - Mark Rylance
LOL HARDY DIDNT WIN BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR WAT????
Mark Rylance bags Best Supporting Actor award for "Bridge of Spies"
Mark Rylance wins best supporting actor for
Best supporting actor: Mark Rylance;
The for Best Actor in Supporting Role goes to for "Bridge of Spies"
How did Sylvester Stallone not win best supporting actor?? That's so dumb
Congrats on your for Best Actor In A Supporting Role Mark Rylance!
TOM HARDY did not win best supporting actor...huh...oh well.
Unpopular pick there for Best Supporting Actor.
The Oscar for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR goes to...
Booooo. Wanted Tom Hardy to win Best Supporting Actor.
Best Supporting Actor to...Mark Rylance. Wow. Good. Wow. Poor Stallone looks a bit melted by this
WHAT A SURPRISE! MARK RYLANCE WINS BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR
Awwww dang! For best supporting actor I cheered once I heard "Mark" thinking it was going to be
The BFG! Rylance wins Best Supporting Actor.
No Christian Bale for best supporting actor.
Mark Rylance wins Best Supporting Actor for Bridge of Spies
Mark Rylance. That was a surprise win for best supporting actor
Oh whoops sorry forgot I was giving Oscar for Best Supporting Actor my b
&gt;An actor playing a sympathetic communist wins best supporting actor
- wow - pleasant surprise and deserved - Mark Rylance - best supporting actor
Huge upset on this one, Sylvester Stallone loses best supporting actor to Mark Rylance. I'm actually bummed.
Best Supporting Actor: Mark Rylance for Bridge of Spies
Male Supporting Actor: MARK RYLANCE, Bridge of Spies
It makes me so happy a theatre heavy actor just won best supporting actor.
Bridge of Spies was such a beautiful movie, I am so glad he won best supporting actor
Congrats to for winning best supporting actor!
Sylvester Stallone during Mark Rylance's speech for Best Supporting Actor
Mark Rylance. Good job. He was only my 5th choice for supporting actor.
Huge upset!! Bridge of Spies' Mark Rylance beats Sly to win best supporting actor
Major Congratulations to Mark Rylance for Best Supporting Actor he deserves it most this evening &amp; I predicted this win months back
Mark Rylance just pulled off an upset over Sylvester Stallone for Best Supporting Actor!
Best supporting actor goes to Mark Ryland
14. Actor in a Supporting Role --&gt; Mark Rylance
The for Supporting Actor goes to
Patricia Arquette presents Supporting Actor to... Mark Rylance for BRIDGE OF SPIES - Ok... that was the Academy's Stroke of the night!
Biggest surprise of the night with Rylance winning Supporting Actor. Sure he won at the BAFTAs, but still.
I wanted Rylance to win Best Supporting Actor so badly, but I never expected him to pull it off. I am absolutely ecstatic!!!
Mark Rylance wins Oscar for best supporting actor in "Bridge of Spies"
Wow. Sylvester Stalone should of gotten best supporting actor.
Me and dad are salty bout best supporting actor but tbh he deserves it
Idk how Stallone or Tom hardy didn't win best supporting actor
please, rip them to shreds over supporting actor. please.
Well Mark Rylance was my last choice for supporting actor, so...;
Olha a zebra!!! " Woah!!!! Big surprise there with the best supporting actor!!
'Bridge of Spies' star Mark Rylance upsets Sylvester Stallone for supporting-actor Oscar
Fantastic to see Mark Rylance win best supporting actor. Time to watch Wolf Hall again!
Mark Rylan got the best supporting actor. Expected, great acting.
Mark Rylance wins best supporting actor for "Bridge of Spies" He did not.
I finally lost. I'm 6/7. Chose Ruffalo over Rylance for supporting Actor.
Best Supporting Actor was the toughest category. Every one of these performances was awesome. Sly is still my favorite.
and I like how after they showed the video about " " the nominees for best supporting actor are all white
Of course Supporting Actor category is invalid with Idris Elba.
Here we go Best Supporting actor..
