Team India wins against England by 4-0 
Indian cricket team displays magnificent performance against England in the test series.

Team India on a mission!
Congratulations to the entire Team Hard/Smart Working Individuals I can't lie
Don't want to jinx things but this is by far the best test team of India that I've seen play.
Congratulations team india....4-0;Hero of the day.... jadeja
Exactly a year ago, on 20 Dec 2015- made his 11th comeback in the Indian team. He was selected for T20Is series against Aussie.
Its All Over Team India Won By Innings &amp; 75 Runs against England &amp; Won 5 Match Test Series 4-0.
Take a bow team India!!
india won by innings and 75 runs...congrts team india
Congrats for team India wining the series with 4-0
India Won 5th Cricket test against England to take series 4-0, Jadeja claims 7 wicket. Final Congrats Team India.
Congrats Team India 4-0 we are No.1
Spectacular win for Team India and master what a win...
congratulations team India defeating England in 4th test at Chennai done excellent performance.
Year ends on a high note.;Congratulations team INDIA.
All the best to Indian Team for ;Famous Victory ...;;
Congrats India! That was a humiliating defeat to Eng when it seemed the match will be drawn! ;All round team effort in the series!
Congratulations to Indian cricket team for the magnificent performance against England in the test series.India won 4-0.
Incredible win for Indian cricket team. Well done boys! Great effort, remarkable team work and all round contribution!! We are proud of you!
Congratulations team india for amazing victory against England 4-0.great performance by karun nayar and jadeja
What a day for Indian cricket team, congrats to / / team ! You guys truly made my day , thanks
What a victory what a finish... what a finish. congrats TEAM INDIA for remarkable Test Victory over TEAM ENGLAND
Congratulations team India for 4-0 win over England in test series..
"Hisab Ho Gaya";as Team India defeats England in the 5game test series to continue their 18th Consecutive match without a defeat.
Wow Wat a win by team India, was magnificent, excellent team performance! COME ON INDIA!
Well played;CNGRTS TEAM INDIA;JAI HO
team india 5th test win bye ing &amp; 74 runs &amp; win the series 4/0
18 successive test wins for Team India. Dream run continues.
Congratulation team india &amp; for the great victory...
Marvel's avengers are so fake. Team India is the real avenger!! 4-0 defeat against England finally avenged
Incredible win for Team India..;From 130/0 to 207 all out.. And Jadeja the reason.. ;
Proud to be Indian! Well done to Kohli and the Indian team for a magnificent series!
What an emphatic victory for the Indian team. Completely outplayed the Englishmen. All the young guns fired and made it possible
Congratulations team india and to the captain and team ;4-0 score level ;
Congratulations !! Well done team INDIA
Congratulation team India. ... good play against England
What an emphatic victory! Performed as a team and good captaincy. Congratulations team India.
Superb performance team india.. Well done..keep it up..
Congrats team indian 4 giving us a happiness 2 win d series by margin of 4-0 .jeet ho 2 aaisi warna na ho..
Congrats. Team India it's historical win proud of you all
Hearty congratulations to the Indian cricket Team. India wins the series against Eng 4-0.
india win ..what a great achievment team india ...
Absolutely OUTSTANDING performance. Congratulations India, Congratulations Kohli &amp; Team India. Lions are dangerous. But they can be killed
This India team is the replica of Ricky Ponting's Australian team.. draw never on the cards
Congratulations team india for winning series by 4-0
Whatttaaaa terrificccc performance from Team India....INDIA WON ; 4-0
And thank you Team India :)
What a victory to team India, well deserved, congratulations
Two of India's best kohli and ashwin didn't have any impact still India defeats England by such a margin..;Complete team display!!;
No debate. It's 4-0 Congrats team India
Great Victory by team India 4-0
This test series win has created many records for India. Many more congratulations to team India...!;&amp; Best luck for one day and T20.
Hurray win last match too.sir jadega made it possible.Many 2 congratulations to team India.
Many congratulations to team India 4-0 straight win against England and Kohli u really rock
Congrats to indian cricket team for win match n series by 4-0
Congrats Team India to win the test series "4-0" against England..;Now Interesting to read tweet..
Have never seen an Indian team play as dominantly as the current one. Incredible performance once again.; #
It's 4-0 ! What a magnificent victory this is.;Kudos Team India. The K-factor Kohli- Kumble working magically. ;
Congratulations team India for fantastic win
Congrats Team India for a ruthless and absolutely dominating 4-0 win!
You Beauty. Congratulations Team India. Fantastic win, Fabulous series. Well played :-)
What a victory!! Congrats Team India. If someone says we don't play well outside India, it holds good for other teams visiting India no?
5th Test: Kohli-led squad becomes 1st Indian team to go unbeaten in 18 Tests after innings and 75-run win vs England
wow wow wow team india and congrats 4-0 series won well played boys
that was a splendid performance from Team India, for a reason.
Amazing 18 tests undefeated in a row good record for Indian team !
i love my india thak all of team
What a terrific match this is.. Un believable bowling and extraordinary batting performance..hats up team india
What a performance! What a match!! What a series!!! 's Team India ruthlessly thrashes England 4-0
What a match ! India ;Congrats to Indian team ,for a fabulous performance by jaddu
Congratulations team india... Now the score has been settled... ; ;
Great win team India 4-0.. and congratulations to Jaddu .. for thr First 10-fer in Tests.. :)
Comprehensive series victory! Way to go Team India *in*
No.1 Bowler Ashwin took only one Wicket! No.2;Batsman scored only 15 Runs! Still No.1 Team India;manage to win the Test by an innings!
Kudos Indian Cricket Team on the emphatic Innings win &amp; taking Series 4-0. WTG!
This Indian test team is set to push limits, go beyond expectations,turn the tables &amp; extract wins no matter what!
Congratulations Team India ;What a victory...;What a team and Capacity.;Virat ...you beauty.;Way to go boys
Congrts TEAM INDIA on a wonderful win.. 4-0;SIR made this for us.. Keep going on winning.. superb end to the year;
Congratulations team india on wonderfull series sweep out on england
Congrats Team India for a ruthless and absolutely dominating 4-0 win!
This is the spirit of test cricket! Great win for team India. 4-0 Revenge taken. Jadeja displayed his heroism
Wat a win for Team India. A difrnt Hero for evry situation ;Congrats for fantastic performance in final hour. ;
Congratulations of Indian team for winning the 4-0 test series
Congratulations to Indian Cricket Team for a fantastic victory in last match and winning series
Indian cricket team really deserves compliments for the grand victory over England with records. Bravo..
Congrats Team India for winning. Well played. We are all very proud of you.
India only test team.to be undefeated in 2016..What an achievement
India wins the Test against England congrats virat and team
Congratulations Team India;India Won the 5 match Test series 4-0
Well done team India..... 4-0 Whitewash.....
No First innings total safe any more against this rampaging Indian team on Home .
Well played India and many many congratulations to team India and
