Tube Strike hits London
Tube strike hits millions of Londoners.

Kids have struggled getting up... now for the big push to get them out. There's a tubestrick and M25 closures. I hope I get to work on time
I'm only mad about the tube strike because I always get the bus to work and I haven't been able to because of these fair weather pricks.
Tube strike hits millions of Londoners
Two mature ladies strip for threeway with a much younger man - Porn tube
Essex commuters face travel chaos as 24-hour tube strike begins
London Tube travellers face chaos as 24-hour strike hits
Imagine how screwed London would be without during a tube strike
Horrible horrible day to return to London on the day of the tube strike.
London Underground strike kicks off week of tube, air and rail walkouts
Commuters face rush hour travel misery as Tube strike hits
Line: Victoria has Service Closed 08:40:09 Due to strike action, most tube lines are operatin..
Off to North London. Should be fun on the roads with tube strike.
Tube strikes on most lines today. Thank god for jet lag bussed in at 6am
i'm seeing loads about the tube strike and honestly this could not currently affect me less
First real test for Sadiq Kahn over the tube strikes. Just shows how important the workers are!
The irony in these tube strikes? Thameslink is running on schedule the one day you didn't want it to!
Londoners: this tube strike has ruined my day.;Rest of the country: this tube strike has really cheered me up.
There is a touch of irony in the tube going on strike over safety issues with the publics safety at threat caused by overcrowding on trains.
I have to applaud some of you guys paying extra to get into work. Even if I lived in the City, I would claim tube strikes kept me from work.
In the office tube strike you won't bet me! Nice walk across town to start the week... wonder if I will be so chipper about getting home
Tube strike didn't beat me: was in the office by 8:10. Am now inhabiting my Mind Palace (well, more of a small flat).
Fitness First to offer Londoners free gym access during tube strike via
Tube strikes. Traffic. Monday has herpes.
Nothing like a tube strike to inspire edifying, nuanced debate on the timeline, eh?
Tube strike hits millions of Londoners
Tube strike is in full swing
teen strips totally nude long tube tight trousers
Once again everyone freaks out at the tube strike as if we didn't all know about it days ago....
When you're successfully unemployed and the tube strike doesn't affect you
London Underground Tube strike: How long will strike last and which stations are closed?
Just spotted yer da at Kings Cross. He didn't know there was a tube strike and he is FUMING.
I'm quite enjoying the tube strike. The tinted windows in my limo are a bit too dark for my liking though, it has to be said.
How will SE London possibly cope during this tube strike da- oh, yeah we don't get the Bakerloo for decades yet, never mind.
sungairapat: Tube strike hits millions of Londoners
Tube strikes ruining mondays for everyone, as if monday needed to be any more depressing
How well off are London's tube drivers and why are they striking?
Quite peak that I managed to get from Tottenham Court Road to Marylebone very easily. What tube strike?
Tube Strike = Working From Home
This tube strike is trying it
Suspect Tube strikers are making many friends this morning...
Tube strike is kinda cool so far I really wanna know what this is
How well off are London's tube drivers and why are they striking?
Tight babe Lexi Bloom stripped off and fingering outdoors - Porn tube
I'm happy tube strikers still have the ability to strike. Not many of us can do that any more
Good thing about a tube strike is it means at least an hour of reading time while listening to David Bowie.
Send us your Tube strike selfie pictures and videos using And don't forget to tell us where you are
LOOL the one day I go London there's a tube strike. Magnificent
Hope the tube strikes haven't caused too many of you too many problems this morning.;Sounds tricky to get about in London today.
Feeling smug that the tube strike doesn't affect me as I work from plinth. Neigh!
The Telegraph - How well off are London's tube staff and why are they striking?
Send us your Tube strike selfie pictures and videos using And don't forget to tell us where you are
tube strike on a bus.////////
Tube strike, has resulted in me being on this empty bus
Some of you are probably still struggling to get in to work this morning because of the tube strikes, our own...
The tube is simultaneously the best and worst thing... so quick and accessible but so annoying when the strikes...
Tube strike hits millions of Londoners - Yahoo News
Tube strike closing Canada Water station really opens up the Highbury-Islington line for anyone not needing the tube. Nice.
Sadiq Khan says he takes criticism "on the chin" over today's Tube strike.
When strike people workout how close thier work is, a few will never go back to the tube.
Tube strike: Clapham Junction evacuated amid rush-hour chaos - plus details of affected lines and - The Telegraph
