Trump won Florida and Ohio
Trump Won Ohio, Florida

the scary thing about that map w/ obama winning.. is.. that obama won florida. hillary is not.
Mom: Of course Hillary won Colorado, they're all high at the voting booth, at least Florida is smart enough to got Trump.;Me: Fuggoff
Hillary could have won Florida if 100,000 people who voted for Gary actually voted for Hillary.
FLORIDA IS OFF OF THE TABLE. HE BASICALLY WON FL. MICHIGAN IS OUR FOCUS RN.
if florida gets hit by another hurricane i won't bat an eye. i don't know them
Trump just won Flordia :D
Trump has now won key swing states Ohio &amp; North Carolina. Florida will be called for him shortly. It's looking REAL good.
Trump just won Florida and I just saw my life flash before my eyes.
I heard "Donald won Florida" and I burst out into tears y'all.
Wow. The is reporting Trump won Florida. HUGE SWING STATE.
Trump won Florida and Ohio... Goodbye y'all
Yo Trump just won Florida he might actually win
Trump won Florida, wow I am speechless
The election is over. Trump won Florida
Trump just won Florida GG
I won't be going back to Florida anytime soon
The dude just won Florida!!!
if everyone who voted for gary &amp; jill voted for hillary she would have won florida .....
Just won the state of Florida!!! Awesome
Please stop believing that Donald trump won florida.
Trump won Florida? This might actually happen...
Florida is blue in that pic RT May I remind u guys this was Obama vs Romney and Obama won
Watching Election Returns At The Alley Oakland - Trump Won Ohio, Florida via
won't call trump win in florida
If Hillary had won Florida and Ohio the race would've been almost over
Trump won in Florida thanks to all the uneducated Cuban-Americans.
I wonder why CNN isn't projecting Florida or Georgia into their electoral count, while literally every other site/network is.
Dems complaining about Johnson Votes in Florida can be said the same about Virginia. Wow. If Johnson votes switched to Trump, he'd have won.
Once Trump won Florida they let off Fireworks.
Clinton won Virginia. The current electoral count is 188 Clinton and 187 Trump. Florida is still undecided.
trump won florida???? what? US PEOPLE COME ON
Trump won Florida by a little over 131,000 votes.... damn so close.
Trump just won Florida. Its over guys.
Trump might have won Florida but Clinton took Cali and that has twice of the electronic votes.
Trump officially just won Florida
And he has won Florida
Trump won Florida. I want to die now
Fackkkk. This close in Florida before Trump won it there. Insane!
Trump supposedly just won Florida
He won Florida and Ohio pretty much over!
Donald Trump just won Florida and is almost guaranteed to be President
trump won florida are you serious..
He just Won Florida Wohu
Wowwwww. This man won Florida.
Yeah trump won Florida GG
He won Florida! He's our new president!
Disgusted that trump won Florida
I believe it's over. He just won Florida.
the 11 million people in florida that didn't vote could have been the difference needed for hillary to have won
BREAKING: Donald Trump has won Florida, leads 222- 209. Republicans confident of his victory now.
Trump has won Florida, my second incorrect prediction.
Trump won Florida, lol he's the new pres guys. Smh.
Dawg Trump just won Florida.;I'm sick
Actually mind blown that Trump won Florida its nothing but spanish people here
Trump won Florida but that's not surprising
He's won Florida, don't see him losing it now.
