Around 100 people held hostage at Concert Hall in Paris

Hostages being held at a concert hall in Paris, police say, according to CNN affiliate, BFMTV.; 18 Killed In Paris.
Eagles of death metal playing at that concert hall tonight
Multiple attacks of violence reported in Concert Hall, in the bar and shopping centers.;Seems Shiv Sena Atma gone to Paris;
any doubt of Islamic? AT LEAST 18 DEAD IN ATTACKS IN PARIS AND 60 HOSTAGES REPORTED TAKEN AT CONCERT HALL |
Awful news from Paris - 11 dead at restaurant and more dead in a concert hall, where people are being held hostage. Thinking of you.
At least 30 dead, several explosions and 60+ people held hostage at a concert hall. 80,000 football fans held in stadium. ;Friday the 13th.
French police reporting that 15 of the fatalities are at the concert hall, where 60 are being held hostage
As many as 60 people are reportedly being held hostage inside a Paris concert hall.
police now reporting 40 dead &amp; 100 hostages at Bataclan Concert Hall
Concert hall in Paris where hostages are being held was hosting an American Rock Band - Eagles of Death Metal
MT Update - AP: French police say around 100 hostages have been taken at Bataclan concert hall in Paris and 35 people dead
A journalist from France's Le Monde newspaper reportedly shot at the Bataclan concert hall
Paris: shootings and explosions at restaurant, concert hall and Stade de France;;
BREAKING: reports 100 hostages at concert hall in ;
Latest reports over 50 dead. Hundreds of hostages in concert hall
LIVE: Death toll climbing in Paris attacks, people held hostage at Bataclan concert hall.
I knewit heard from concert hall gunman says THIS IS FOR SYRIA
Paris attacks: At least 30 dead, French media reports; hostages taken at concert hall
Inside concert hall a gunman isaid, speaking in French, "This is for Syria" :
18 dead in Shooting, 60 taken hostage at the Bataclan Concert hall France ISIS
For God's sake! It's concert hall, not club
The situation in is horrible, praying for the 100 people who are caught in the concert hall.
Why have none of the news folk got near the concert hall?
. ;Honolulu Hussein will call it 'Concert Hall Violence' and blame the acoustics
CNN says the terrorists are killing/threatening to kill hostages 1 by 1 inside the concert hall.
Some hostages escape from concert hall while terrorists reloaded
Terrorist attack in France, at least 35 people confirmed dead ;100 being held hostage in Paris concert hall. -Jenny
Why in the world are the police not storming the concert hall???!!!!????
Gunfire in the concert hall as they're reporting? ;My blood just turned cold;
Exactly. Just wait til the teal HORROR of the Slaughter now going on INSIDE THAT CONCERT HALL. SLAUGHTER !!
