Jurgen Klinsmann fired as coach of U.S. Soccer team

New U.S. formation was built around Christian Pulisic - Jurgen Klinsmann
His day has come. Jurgen Klinsmann fired as coach.
OFFICIAL: Jurgen Klinsmann has "parted ways" with the US national team on an immediate basis.
Jurgen Klinsmann out. Dang. I have mixed feelings about it. He was brutally honest, but execution-wise, the results weren't consistent.
Retweeted Sam Borden ( Jurgen Klinsmann has been fired as head coach of the U.S. National...
Wire: U.S. Soccer fires manager Jurgen Klinsmann amid World Cup qualification struggles
Jurgen Klinsmann has been sacked by the U.S. men's soccer team
Charlie Strong outlasted Jurgen Klinsmann. He at least has that going for him.
BREAKING: Jurgen Klinsmann has been fired as USMNT coach and Technical Director for U.S. Soccer.
Just announced Jurgen Klinsmann has been let go as the Head Coach, do you agree or disagree with this decision from the USSF?
Wire: U.S. Soccer fires manager Jurgen Klinsmann amid World Cup qualification struggles
U.S. Soccer Parts Ways with Jurgen Klinsmann - U.S. Soccer
Wish the best for Jurgen Klinsmann, he did good things for the team.. We needed change.
Jurgen Klinsmann fired as head coach of the U.S. men's national team
Jurgen Klinsmann Fired as U.S. Soccer Coach
U.S. Soccer fires national team manager Jurgen Klinsmann - via App
Breaking: Jurgen Klinsmann relieved of duties as U.S. men's soccer coach; posted 55-27-16 record since 2011 hiring (ESPN)
Breaking news: has FIRED Jurgen Klinsmann from the US men's soccer team!
Jurgen Klinsmann fired as US men's national soccer team coach.
US soccer head coach Jurgen Klinsmann fired because America can't produce any good kickers?
Jurgen Klinesmann just got the boot.
FINALLY!!! ;Jurgen Klinsmann has been fired as head coach of the United States men's national soccer team. - via
Jurgen Klinsmann Fired as U.S. Soccer Coach
Jurgen Klinsmann fired as US soccer coach - New York Times via
BREAKING: Jurgen Klinsmann out as coach
It would be hilarious if England decide to hire Jurgen Klinsmann now as their permanent manager.
Jurgen Klinsmann vs. Brian Kelly: Who's better at blaming everyone except themselves?
Jurgen Klinsmann -- JUR' FIRED ... Axed from U.S. Soccer Team
Jurgen Klinsmann: US sack former Germany boss;Who next? I think it's a more desirable job than England manager....
