26 people killed in Paris terror attack

Deaths rising in Paris, 26 people killed now being reported. Thoughts with everyone in France currently.
Photos: Paris under terror attack, 18 people killed after shootout in 4 different locations: At least 18 peopl...
honestly what is wrong with some people in this world, like why would you want to kill innocent people ?
Alleged jihadist terrorist attacks in (more than 30 people killed;about 60 hostage) will strongly influence over
So horrible that ordinary innocent people are being killed for no reason
why are ppl so messed up why would you just kill people its not fair
Killing in France and more to come when will people wake up?
How the people who killed and are holding the hostages think they are doing right honestly baffles me. Like I said, Religions....
spend the money on beautiful things like this instead of killing people you losers
Now, 35 people are reported killed, and as many as 100 are being held hostage in a series of attacks in Paris.
At least 30 people kill by these religious fanatics killing people in the name of their God. France.;
Every year, balloons kill between 2 and 5 people in the United States.
This is making me feel sick, these attacks are disgusting. I'm tired of seeing innocent people killed.
.why would you just wake up one day and want to kill innocent people though?.i don't understand.
At least 35 people killed in Paris attacks; hostage situation ongoing: police
:'(:'(:'( Paris explosions. Why kill innocent people?????
Shootings and blasts kill 18 in Paris: At least 18 people are killed in several deadly shootings in Paris, as ...
'some of these killers are still at large' - I physically cannot comprehend what makes these people want to be so evil
I'm positive there is no religion that states it's sound to kill innocent people
Photos: Paris under terror attack, 45 people killed
When are people going to stop killing in the name of religion? How can religion justify killing so many innocent people
Another bunch of raghead Muslims killing innocent people. The religion of peace strikes again
Why do people kill innocent people???
Retweeted CNN International ( least 60 people were killed in and Stade de France attacks, CNN...
KNX1070: Police: At least 26 people killed in shootings and explosions around Paris
RT p2people 4 new p2pLanguages jobs w/ skills
At least 26 people have been killed in shootings around Paris; U.S. Supreme Court will hear Texas abortion case.
from 18 to 60 people killed in france my heart is literally aching
Cowards take hostages and kill innocent people. Men meet on a battlefield.
Some people are really unbelievable to kill someone who are innocents.
Honestly makes me sick that there is actually people out there killing innocent people. Couldn't imagine what it's like for those people
Allah Wakbar? Shout it and then kill people??? What a tragedy
Stop killing Muslims and people will stop being killed. The so called Khahlifa is a vengeful group
French Police: Multiple Dead In Violent Attacks Across Paris, Hostages Taken: Multiple people were killed in a...
90 people killed already and the number keeps rising...my heart is breaking
UPDATE: At least 60 people killed in the attacks and at least 100 hostages in Paris
I am crying how can you kill people
I hate what this world has become ... Poor innocent people killed and for WHAT
Omg people inside the venue are posting that they kill one person after the other inside right now :'(
Photos: At least 18 people were killed in shootings in central Paris late Friday, CNN affiliate BFMTV reported.
What we know: ;- Multiple deadly shootings;- Up to 35 people killed;- ~100 people reportedly being held hostage
Rip to all those lives lost in tonight's Paris attacks. Absolute animals and even bigger cowards killing inocent people
Imagine there's no countries,It isn't hard to do,Nothing to kill or die for,And no religion too Imagine all the people ;Living life in peace
The other day 41 people were killed in a bombing in Beirut, today it's happened in Paris. I've little to say about either but remember...
Sounds like suicide and lots of it/killing people
This coming week I beg everyone just keep in mind that its not religion that kills people....there is no religion that teaches to kill
Photos: At least 18 people were killed in shootings in central Paris late Friday, CNN affiliate BFMTV reported.
VIDEO: What we know about Paris attacks: Many people have been killed in several shootings in the French capit...
I work with ambitious people that want to start an online business &amp; are willing to learn new skills today with this
And now the killers who have slaughtered people in Paris will pretend they did it in the name of Islam. Suits the atheist narrative nicely.
These people are scum, but they are still people. They can be killed. They can, and should, be eradicated.
UPDATE: At least 60 people killed in the attacks and at least 100 hostages in Paris.
Reports on Facebook from a French man inside Bataclan of people being killed one-by-one.
Retweeted The Economist ( least 18 people are reported killed and dozens taken hostage in...
For years many people have been killed around the world by terrorists.. Sad, devastating,Heartbreaking every time wherever it takes place
Photos: At least 18 people were killed in shootings in central Paris late Friday, CNN affiliate BFMTV reported.
"People are being killed in that theater, as we speak" -- Wolf Blitzer en CNN.
